Compounds that have been studied in the past to increase the viscosity of oils, such as , metallic soaps such as aluminum stearate, sugar fatty acid esters, hydroxy fatty acids such as 12-hydroxystearic acid, etc., are known to be used. However, these substances are essentially oil gelling agents, and it has been difficult to thicken oils to a desired viscosity, especially while maintaining fluidity, with these formulations, as mentioned above. 
On the other hand, polymers with polyethylene side chains are expected to have affinity for various oils due to their amphiphilic properties, and have been utilized as organic solvent-swelling microgels (e.g., Pat. 4, 5), but these However, these microgels are stably dispersed in aqueous solvents, and it is difficult to utilize them as thickening agents for oils. 
Examples of commercially available sheet-like base materials that can be suitably used for the present invention include , COTT ACE (trade name, manufactured by Unitika), SANMORE K (trade name, manufactured by Sansho Shigyo), and BENLEASE (trade name, manufactured by Asahi Kasei). (trade name, Asahi Kasei), etc. can be used as examples. 
Liquid oils are oils that are liquid at room temperature of 15-30°C, such as , amani oil, camellia oil, macadamia nut oil, corn oil, mink oil, olive oil, avocado oil, sasanqua oil, castor oil, safflower oil, myonin oil, cinnamon oil, jojoba oil, grape oil, sunflower oil, and almond oil. mink oil, olive oil, avocado oil, sasanqua oil, castor oil, safflower oil, kyunin oil, cinnamon oil, jojoba oil, grape oil, sunflower oil, almond oil, rape seed oil, sesame oil, wheat germ oil, rice germ oil, rice nut oil, cotton seed oil, soybean oil, peanut oil, tea seed oil, evening primrose oil, egg yolk oil, beef leg fat, liver oil, and Triglycerin, glycerol trioctanoate, and glycerol triisopalmitate are examples. 
Such water-soluble polymers include, for example, plant polymers such as , gum arabic, tragacanth gum, galactan, carob gum, guar gum, karaya gum, carrageenan, pectin, canten, quince seed (malmelo), algae colloids (brown algae extract) dextran, succinoglucan, pullulan, etc., animal polymers such as collagen, casein, albumin, gelatin, methylcellulose, nitrocellulose, ethylcellulose, methylhydroxypropylcellulose, hydroxyethylcellulose, cellulose sulfate sodium, hydroxypropyl cellulose, sodium carboxymethylcellulose, crystalline cellulose, cellulose powder, etc., alginate polymers such as sodium alginate, propylene glycol alginate ester, polyvinyl alcohol Polyvinyl polymers such as polyvinyl alcohol, polyvinyl methyl ether, polyvinyl pyrrolidone, carboxyvinyl polymer, alkyl modified carboxyvinyl polymer, polyoxyethylene polymers, polyoxyethylene polyoxypropylene copolymer, sodium polyacrylate, polyethyl acrylate polyacrylamide, etc., polyethyleneimine, cationic polymers, bentonite, magnesium aluminum silicate, Laponite, hectorite, anhydrous silicic acid, and other inorganic water-soluble polymers, etc. can be listed. 
In addition to the above, other water-soluble ingredients, such as , water-soluble agents such as ascorbic acid and its derivatives, tranexamic acid and its derivatives, ultraviolet absorbers, chelating agents, UV absorbers, pH adjusters, preservatives, dyes, fragrances, etc., can be included in the aqueous solvent according to specific purposes. pH adjusters, preservatives, dyes, fragrances, etc. can be included. 
Typical commercial products of polymeric silicones are, for example, , with a degree of polymerization p of 5000-8 Silicone G-20 (20CS dissolved product), which contains 20% highly polymerized dimethylpolysiloxane with a degree of polymerization of 5000-8000 and 80% liquid dimethylpolysiloxane with a degree of polymerization of about 26 (Shin-Etsu Chemical Co., Ltd.). Silicone G-20 (20CS dissolved product) containing 80% (Shin-Etsu Chemical Co. Ltd.: abbreviated as G-20 in this document), etc. 
Typical commercial products of highly polymerized dimethiconol are, for example, , with a degree of polymerization r of about 7000, X F49-C2070 with a degree of polymerization r of about 7000, and similarly, X65-C2070 with a degree of polymerization r of about 7000. X65- with a r of about 7000. C2070 (manufactured by GE Toshiba Silicones Corporation), etc., with a degree of polymerization of approximately 7,000. 
For example, as shown in  and Figure 42(a), if the primary side sheath heater 91 is energized with 6 0 cycles, when the full-wave AC current is energized twice within the first cycle and the full-wave AC current in the 31st cycle. 
Also, for example, , if the primary side sheath heater 91 is energized with full-wave ac current four times within 60 cycles, then of full-wave alternating current in the first, sixteenth, thirty-first, and forty-sixth cycles. The current is energized in the first, sixteenth, thirty-first and forty-sixth cycles. 
The control unit 90 comprises, for example, a  microcomputer and includes a judgment unit for judging the entry of a user and the temperature of the toilet seat 400, a timekeeping unit with a timer function, a memory unit for storing various information, and an energization rate switching circuit for controlling operation of the heater drive unit 402. It includes a timekeeping section with a timer function, a memory section for storing various information, and an energization rate switching circuit for controlling the operation of the heater drive section 402. 
For example, , if the toilet seat 400 is to be heated at the first temperature gradient, the heater drive in Fig. 70 402 drives the toilet seat heater 4 50 is driven (1200 W drive). 
These respective push-in/push-out means 45, 46 are, for example, shown in Fig. 9, Fig. 1 As shown in Fig. 9, Fig. 1, the upper push-in/push-out means 45 is shown as an example in Fig. 9, Fig. 1. 41b, 42b, such as the mounting portion 41c on the front face of 41b, 42b The mounting bracket 104 fixed to the mounting bracket 104, and the pivot axis 105 rotatably connected to the mounting bracket 104 via a longitudinal first pivot axis 105, and an abbreviated U-shaped engagement member 106 with which the play board 6 is detachably engaged, and the engagement member 106 is rotatably pivotally supported on the mounting bracket 104 via the first pivot axis in the vertical direction. The engagement member 106 is operated in a clockwise direction around the first pivot axis 105 to attach and detach the play board 6 to a predetermined mounting position in the play board mounting frame 30. 6 backwardly to a predetermined mounting position Q (see FIGS. 4 and 9) in the play board mounting frame 30, and the engagement member 106 is operated in a clockwise direction around the first pivot axis 105 to push the play board 6 backwardly to the predetermined mounting position Q 6 in a counterclockwise direction around the first pivot axis 105 to push the board 6 in the mounting position Q forward out of the board mounting frame 30. 30, and the engaging member 106 pushes the panel 6 into the mounting position Q by operating the engaging member 106 counterclockwise around the first pivot axis 105. The locking mechanism 108 is provided to lock the engagement member 106 in the mounting position Q when the engagement member 106 pushes the board 6 into the mounting position Q. The locking mechanism 108 is also provided to lock the engagement member 106 in the mounting position Q. 08, and the locking mechanism 108 is provided with an actuator 10 9 is provided. 
On the lower side of the rear case 31 and on the rear side of the lower mounting section 3a, as shown in Figure 3, a board mounting stand 66 is attached and removed freely. On the rear side of this board mounting stand 66, there is a power board case 6-8 that contains, for example, a  power board 67 and a payout board case 70 that contains a payout control board 69. On the rear side of the board mounting stand 66, a power supply board case 618 containing a power supply board 67 and a payout board case 70 containing a payout control board 69, for example, are mounted on and off freely. 
Each frame-side connector 74a-74d is connected to a harness 78a-78d behind the mounting plate 97. 78a-78d are connected to each frame-side connector 74a-74d, and the harnesses 78a ～The harnesses 78a to 78d are pulled out through an outlet 51a formed on the bottom wall 51 of the  mounting stand 98, for example, and are then connected to the power supply board 67a to 67d. The harnesses 78a-78d are connected to, for example, the power supply board 67, the payout control board 69, the decoration control board 79, etc. 
The longitudinal reinforcement 125 is formed by bending along the uneven shape of the outer circumference of the peripheral wall 53, and its front edge is provided with a plurality of outwardly bending attachment portions 1 25a at predetermined intervals, e.g.,  at the top, middle, and bottom. 25a are provided at predetermined intervals in the vertical direction, e.g., at the top, middle, and bottom of the , and the attachment portion 1 The mounting sections 125a are fixed to the back side of the front frame 3 with screws 125b to be detachably fixed. 
However, the above conventional heat-insulating sheet uses latex as the medium, and since this latex is water-based and at the same time hardens and loses its flexibility when solidified, when used as a cover for cars, for example, it could not follow the various uneven shapes on the surface of the car and could not fulfill its role as a cover. There was a problem that this latex could not follow the various uneven shapes on the surface of the car, and could not fulfill its role as a cover. <end_template
The winding member attachment process is the process of attaching a pipe 2 to one of the longitudinal edges of the first sheet 1, for example,  pipe 2. For example, the pipe 2 may be attached to the first sheet 1 with a general-purpose adhesive, or a hole for attaching the pipe 2 may be preformed in the end of the first sheet 1 and the pipe 2 may be attached by inserting it through the hole. 2 may be attached by inserting the pipe 2 through the hole. 
Furthermore, in addition to the essential ingredients mentioned above, the present invention may also contain ingredients normally used in cosmetics, such as  hydrocarbons, fatty acid esters, animal and vegetable oils, cosmetic oils such as silicone, surfactants, powders, aqueous ingredients, antioxidants, fragrances, dyes, alcohols, polyhydric Alcohols, preservatives, UV absorbers, moisturizers, water, etc. may be blended as needed to the extent that the effects of the invention are not impaired. 
Typical reactive surfactants include, for example, , compounds represented by the following formulas (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), ( (6), (7) or (8) below. 
In addition to the essential ingredients listed above, the oil-in-water eyelash care products of the present invention may contain ingredients normally used in cosmetics, such as , fibers to give eyelashes a longer look, powder ingredients for texture adjustment and coloring, aqueous ingredients as emollients, UV absorbers, moisturizers, anti-fading agents, antioxidants, antifading agents, antifoam agents, cosmetic ingredients, preservatives, fragrance, etc., as needed to the extent that the effects of the present invention are impaired. Antioxidants, anti-oxidants, antifoaming agents, cosmetic ingredients, preservatives, fragrances, etc. may be blended as needed to the extent that the effects of the present invention are not impaired. 
The aqueous component can be any water soluble component, such as , alcohols such as ethyl alcohol and isopropyl alcohol, glycols such as propylene glycol, 1,3 glycols such as propylene glycol, 1,3-butylene glycol, dipropylene glycol, and polyethylene glycol, glycerol such as glycerin, diglycerin, and polyglycerin, sugar such as sorbitol, maltitol, sucrose, starch sugar, and lactitol, guar gum, sodium chondroitin sulfate Sodium hyaluronate, gum arabic, sodium alginate, carrageenan, methylcellulose, hydroxyethylcellulose, carboxymethylcellulose, carboxyvinylpolymer, polyvinylalcohol, polyvinylpyrrolidone, sodium polyacrylic acid, and other water-soluble polymers salts such as sodium chloride, magnesium chloride, and sodium lactate, plant extracts such as aloe vera, witch hazel, hamamelis, cucumber, lemon, lavender, and rose, and water. 
The manufacturing method of the oil-in-water eyelash cosmetic of the present invention is not particularly limited. For example, , oily ingredients including component (A), component (B), and component (D), and surfactant are heat-mixed. It can be obtained by adding to the mixture of component (C) and the aqueous component, which is similarly heat-mixed, emulsifying, cooling, defoaming, and filling the container. 
The lifting shelf 8A of the lifting shelf unit 2 (A) on the left side is located on the floor cabinet 1 side, e.g.,  Fig. 8. As shown in Fig. 8, the 8A of the left elevating shelf unit 2 (A) can be remotely operated to raise, lower, stop, etc. by means of the up switch 34a and down switch 3 4b, which are located on the front of the induction cooker 4, can be used to remotely control the rise, fall, stop, etc. 
A remarkable aspect of the invention is that high concentrations of solid material, e.g., , preferably less than 20% by weight of the overall composition, more preferably less than 15%, especially stable emulsions which can still be sprayable when containing particulate titanium dioxide and/or zinc oxide in the range of 1-10%, especially 2-6%. The main advantage of this method is that it is possible to obtain stable emulsions that can still be sprayable. 
A further remarkable aspect is that high concentrations of alcohol, e.g., , preferably less than 20% by weight of the overall composition, more preferably less than 15%, especially in the It is possible to obtain stable emulsions containing ethanol in the range of 2-10%, especially 4-8%. 
This reporting method is widely used, for example, , to display three patterns on the left, middle, and right sides of the screen, and when all three patterns stop, to report a hit when all patterns match, and to report an error when they do not match. This is widely used. 
Conventionally, for example, , it has been proposed to execute a mission production in which the command is that a reach is executed within the validity period of a variable pattern display that exceeds the upper limit of the number of starting memories, and when the starting memory that results in a jackpot is stored within the validity period and the variable pattern display based on the starting memory is after the end of the validity period, the validity period is extended so that the variable pattern display based on the starting memory is executed within the validity period. It is proposed to extend the validity period so that the variable display of the pattern based on the start memory is performed within the validity period and to continue the mission production when the variable display of the pattern after the end of the validity period is performed (see, for example, , Patent Document 1). ). .
The invention according to claim 1, wherein a plurality (e.g.,  three) of pattern rows are displayed on the display means in a variable manner and then each pattern row is sequentially stopped and the combination of patterns stopped and displayed in a predetermined position is used to When performing a production in which a winning or losing result of a lottery is reported by using a production pattern selected in advance from a plurality of production patterns with different expectation levels and a reporting pattern selected from a plurality of reporting patterns, a specific production is performed which commands that a combination in which a specific reporting pattern among patterns reporting a winning result be displayed. When a pattern is selected by the production pattern selection means, the selection probability of the specific pattern is higher than that of the other patterns, and when a pattern is selected by the production pattern selection means, the pattern is selected in such a manner that the selection probability of the specific pattern is higher than that of the other patterns. When other patterns are selected, the pattern is selected so that there is no bias in the selection probability of each pattern. The expectation value can be maintained even in the reach. 
The selection table group 66A for normal operation contains, for example, , as shown in Tables 1 and 2 below, the selection tables that correspond to the pattern selected by the main control unit. For example, as shown in Table 1 and Table 2 below, the selection table group 66A contains selection tables in which the selection probability of each demo pattern corresponds to the pattern selected by the main control unit. 
If the result of the special drawing is a "hit (jackpot)" after the end of the reach production, the LCD106 display screen will eventually show a predetermined winning pattern combination, such as "444" or "777". For example, a predetermined winning pattern combination such as "444" or "777" is displayed on the display screen of LCD106. The display lights 142 for illumination and the sound effects from the speakers 146L, 146R, etc. are also displayed on the display screen of LCD 106. The main control unit 150 performs the predetermined jackpot operation. jackpot operation. 
As for the jackpot operation, the opening and closing of the opening/closing door 116 causes the attacker 112 to open and close, for example, . 10 counts (number of pieces won) or up to 30 seconds (one open time)/ up to 15 to 16 rounds (duration). 16 rounds (number of times the door is open). 
If the winning pattern is a predetermined pattern such as "777" for example, and the predetermined pattern is an odd-numbered combination, the "probability change function" that increases the probability of the next jackpot is activated after the aforementioned jackpot operation is completed. If the predetermined pattern is an odd combination, for example,  "777", the probability of the next jackpot is increased, or the probability of the jackpot remains the same but the variation time of the ordinary pattern display 107 is shortened, and the opening of the starting gate 10 The "shortened time function," which makes it easier for the ball to be released from the starting gate108 and improves the ball retention, is activated to create a more advantageous game state for the players. 
This reporting method is widely used, for example, , to display three patterns on the left, middle, and right sides of the screen, and when all three patterns stop, to report a hit when all patterns match, and to report an error when they do not match. This is widely used. 
Conventionally, for example, , it has been proposed to execute a mission production in which the command is that a reach is executed within the validity period of a variable pattern display that exceeds the upper limit of the number of starting memories, and when the starting memory that results in a jackpot is stored within the validity period and the variable pattern display based on the starting memory is after the end of the validity period, the validity period is extended so that the variable pattern display based on the starting memory is executed within the validity period. It is proposed to extend the validity period so that the variable display of the pattern based on the start memory is performed within the validity period and to continue the mission production when the variable display of the pattern after the end of the validity period is performed (see, for example, , Patent Document 1). ). .
The invention according to claim 1, wherein a plurality (e.g.,  three) of pattern rows are displayed on the display means in a variable manner and then each pattern row is sequentially stopped and the combination of patterns stopped and displayed in a predetermined position is used to report a combination of winning/failing results of a lottery associated with a game. When a production pattern selected in advance from a plurality of production patterns and a pattern selected from a plurality of patterns are used to perform a production to report the winning or losing result of the draw of the game, a specific production commanding the display of a combination of a specific pattern is performed and, during the performance of said specific production, the selected pattern and the production pattern are displayed in the same way as the selected pattern. The specific production is also executed by commanding the display of a specific combination of the selected pattern and the selected pattern during the execution of the specific production. 
If the result of the special drawing is a "hit (jackpot)" after the end of the reach production, the LCD106 display screen will eventually show a predetermined winning pattern combination, such as "444" or "777". For example, a predetermined winning pattern combination such as "444" or "777" is displayed on the display screen of LCD106. The display lights 142 for illumination and the sound effects from the speakers 146L, 146R, etc. are also displayed on the display screen of LCD 106. The main control unit 150 performs the predetermined jackpot operation. jackpot operation. 
As for the jackpot operation, the opening and closing of the opening/closing door 116 causes the attacker 112 to open and close, for example, . 10 counts (number of pieces won) or up to 30 seconds (one open time)/ up to 15 to 16 rounds (duration). 16 rounds (number of times the door is open). 
If the winning pattern is a predetermined pattern such as "777" for example, and the predetermined pattern is an odd-numbered combination, the "probability change function" that increases the probability of the next jackpot is activated after the aforementioned jackpot operation is completed. If the predetermined pattern is an odd combination, for example,  "777", the probability of the next jackpot is increased, or the probability of the jackpot remains the same but the variation time of the ordinary pattern display 107 is shortened, and the opening of the starting gate 10 The "shortened time function," which makes it easier for the ball to be released from the starting gate108 and improves the ball retention, is activated to create a more advantageous game state for the players. 
The average particle diameter can be determined by measuring the weight average diameter of a water suspension of particles at room temperature (20°C) with a laser diffraction particle size distribution analyzer (e.g., , LA-920 manufactured by HORIBA, Ltd. ) to measure the weight average particle diameter of an aqueous suspension of particles at room temperature (20°C) with a relative refractive index of 1.1. 
Such cosmetic ingredients include, for example, body pigments such as mica, talc, sericite, kaolin, nylon powder, polymethylsilsesquioxane, and barium sulfate; inorganic pigments such as titanium dioxide, zinc oxide, and iron oxide; surface hydrophobic powders such as silicone-treated powders; hydrocarbons such as solid paraffin, microcrystalline wax, vaseline, selesin, ozokerite, and montan wax; cetearyl alcohol, stearyl alcohol, and stearyl alcohol. hydrophobic powders such as silicone treated powders; hydrocarbons such as solid paraffin, microcrystalline wax, vaseline, sericin, ozokerite, montan wax; higher alcohols such as cetyl alcohol, stearyl alcohol, palmityl alcohol, hexyldodecyl alcohol; cationized cellulose, carboxybetaine-type polymers, etc.; and other hydrocarbons such as carboxybetaine-type polymers. feel enhancers such as carboxybetaine-type polymers; medicinal ingredients such as whitening agents, analgesics, antiphlogistic agents, antipruritics, disinfectants, astringents, skin softeners, hormones, etc.; water; surfactants; W/O or O/W type emulsifiers; octyl methyl methacrylate Emulsifiers; cyclic silicones such as octylmethylcyclotetrasiloxane and dodecamethylcyclohexasiloxane, chain silicones such as dimethylpolysiloxane and methylphenylpolysiloxane, amino modified silicone, polyether modified silicone, methylphenylpolysiloxane, fatty acid Silicone compounds such as fatty acid-modified silicone, alcohol-modified silicone, alkoxy-modified silicone, epoxy-modified silicone, fluorine-modified silicone, alkyl-modified silicone, polyether-alkyl-modified silicone, glyceryl ether-modified silicone; methyl cellulose, ethyl methylcellulose, ethylcellulose, carboxymethylcellulose, polyacrylic acid, tragacanth, agar, gelatin, etc.; other thickening agents; emulsion stabilizers, chelating agents, UV protectants, pH adjusters, preservatives, dyes, fragrances, etc. 
By the way, when electrical connection can be made at the same time as the panel is assembled, as described in the above-mentioned Patent Document 1, for example, , the number of assembly man-hours can be reduced compared to the case where the circuit board on the panel side and the circuit board on the device body side are electrically connected using flexible cables. Compared to the case where the panel is assembled after electrically connecting the circuit board provided on the panel side with the circuit board provided on the device body side using a  flexible cable, this has the advantage of reducing the number of assembly man-hours and preventing an increase in the excess length of flexible cable due to the larger panel. 
If the composition contains two or more surfactants each having a different anion (e.g., , surfactant A has a sulfate group and surfactant B has a sulfonate group) The anion level of the composition is the sum of the molar concentrations of each anion calculated as above. 
Non-limiting examples of additional ingredients for use in this composition include conditioning agents (e.g., , silicones, hydrocarbon oils, fatty acid esters), particles, anti-dandruff agents, suspending agents, paraffinic hydrocarbons, injectants, viscosity regulators, dyes, non-volatile solvents or diluents (water-soluble and non-aqueous solvents), pearlescent aids, foaming promoters, additional surfactants or non-ionic auxiliary surfactants, lice killers, pH regulators, fragrances, antiseptics, and preservatives. water-soluble and non-water-soluble), pearlescent aids, foaming promoters, additional surfactants or non-ionic auxiliary surfactants, lice killers, pH adjusters, fragrances, preservatives, chelating agents, proteins, skin activators, sunscreen agents, UV absorbers, and vitamins. UV absorbers, and vitamins. 
Suitable natural cationic polymers also include cationic hydrolyzed starch polymers, such as polymers selected from  degraded cationic maize starch, cationic tapioca, cationic potato starch, and mixtures thereof. 
Pyridinthione antibacterial and antidandruff agents are used, for example, in , U.S. Patent No. 2,809,97 No. 2,809,97, U.S. Patent No. 3,236,733, U.S. Patent No. 3,753,196, U.S. Patent U.S. Patent No. 3,753,196, U.S. Patent No. 3,761,418, U.S. Patent  U.S. Patent No. 4,345,080, U.S. Patent No. 4,323,68 U.S. Patent No. 4,379,753, and U.S. Patent No. 4,470,982. No. 4,470,982. 
Examples of synthetic particles include silicone resin, poly(meth)acrylate, polyethylene, polyester, polypropylene, polystyrene, polyurethane, polyamide (e.g.,  nylon (registered trademark)), epoxy resin, urea resin, and acrylic powder. Examples include. 
Still other suitable anionic detergent surfactants are reaction products of fatty acids esterified with isethionic acid and neutralized with sodium hydroxide (e.g., , fatty acids derived from coconut oil or palm kernel oil), where the fatty acids are, for example, <start_ TEMPLATE> sodium or potassium salts of fatty acid amides of methyl tauride derived from coconut palm oil or palm kernel oil.  Other similar anionic surfactants are U.S. Patent No. 2,486,921 No. 2,486,921, No. 2,486,922, and No. 2,396,278. U.S. Patent No. 2,486,921, 2,486,922, and 2,396,278. 
Non-limiting examples of additional ingredients used in compositions include conditioning agents (e.g., , silicones, hydrocarbon oils, fatty acid esters), natural cation-deposited polymers, synthetic cation-deposited polymers, antidandruff agents, particles, suspending agents, paraffinic hydrocarbons, jetting agents, viscosity modifiers, dyes, non-volatile solvents or diluents (water-soluble and non-soluble), pearlescent aids, foaming promoters, additional surfactants or non-ionic auxiliary surfactants. modifiers, dyes, non-volatile solvents or diluents (water-soluble and non-water-soluble), pearlescent aids, foaming promoters, additional surfactants or non-ionic auxiliary surfactants, lice killers, pH adjusters, fragrances, preservatives, chelating agents, proteins, skin active agents, sunscreen sunscreens, UV absorbers, and vitamins. 
Pyridinthione antibacterial and antidandruff agents are used, for example, in , U.S. Patent No. 2,809,97 No. 2,809,97, U.S. Patent No. 3,236,733, U.S. Patent No. 3,753,196, U.S. Patent U.S. Patent No. 3,753,196, U.S. Patent No. 3,761,418, U.S. Patent  U.S. Patent No. 4,345,080, U.S. Patent No. 4,323,68 U.S. Patent No. 4,379,753, and U.S. Patent No. 4,470,982. No. 4,470,982. 
Therefore, with respect to various products such as food and beverages, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals containing benzoic acids, there is concern that benzene may be formed and mixed in these products under general conditions, for example, in manufacturing processes involving heat treatment or storage involving light irradiation. 
The form of the benzene formation inhibitor is not restricted and can be prepared in any form, for example,  in solid form such as powder, granule, or tablet; liquid form such as liquid or emulsion; or semi-solid form such as paste. 
(4) In particular, in the mounting frame 2 of this embodiment, since the two joining structures are made by means of a caulking, the joining method, for example, , a combination of joining by means of caulking and joining by means of screws, etc., can be used to join the first mounting body 21 and the second mounting body 22 more easily than in the case of using different methods. Compared to the case where the joining method is different, for example, when joining the first mounting body 21 and the second mounting body 22 together, the joining work of the first mounting body 21 and the second mounting body 22 can be easily performed. 
As polysaccharide derivatives (a), the aforementioned International Publication No. 00/73351 In addition to those substituted with substituents containing polyoxyalkylene groups and long-chain alkyl groups as described in the brochure, hydroxyethyl cellulose substituted with long-chain alkyl groups (e.g., , commercially available as NatrosolPlusCS: cetyl hydroxyethyl cellulose, Hercules), etc. can be used. .
The gel-like cosmetic of the present invention may further contain ingredients normally used in cosmetics, such as  powders, moisturizers, wetting agents, colorants, preservatives, feel enhancers, fragrances, anti-inflammatory agents, whitening agents, antiperspirants, and UV absorbers, as appropriate. 
The gel cosmetic of the present invention can be made, for example, by dispersing a powdered polysaccharide derivative in a  volatile oil, then adding water to form a gel, and adding other ingredients as needed. 
Commercially available products of the above polyester resins (a) include, for example,  and TSUNAMIGS-2, PETG6763 (Eastman Chemical Co., Ltd.) 2, PETG6763 (manufactured by Eastman Chemical Co., Ltd.), and Sky Green K2012 (manufactured by SK Chemical Co., Ltd.). (manufactured by Eastman Chemical), and SKYGREEN K2012 (manufactured by SK Chemical). .
The above polyethers are not limited and include, for example, , polyethylene glycol, polyoxytetramethylene glycol, etc. .
Examples of commercially available products of the above polyester resin (b) include , Dianite DN-14 9 (manufactured by Mitsubishi Rayon). .
With such inkjet coating, for example, a substrate with  joints can be painted with a brick or tile-like finish by not painting the areas where the joints are formed, or by painting the areas where the joints are formed in a different color from the areas where the joints are not formed, etc. The brick or tile-like building board can be obtained by painting the joints in a different color from the areas without joints. 
When performing inkjet coating as described above, for example, an ink-receiving layer (ink-receiving layer) is formed on a base material such as a  inorganic plate, ink applied to this ink-receiving layer is fixed without blotting out the ink applied during inkjet coating, and then The ink-receiving layer is then coated with an appropriate clear paint to form a clear layer on the surface of the ink-receiving layer to protect it. 
Sealers are not restricted, but water-based resin emulsions such as  acrylic, vinyl acetate, epoxy, chlorinated rubber, urethane, silicone, and fluorine-based sealers can be used. 
The above composition for forming the receiving layer can be applied to the surface of the base material 1 on which the sealer is provided by, for example,  spray coating, curtain coating, dipping, wire bar coating, applicator coating, spin coating, roll coating, electrodeposition coating, brush coating The ink-receiving layer can be formed by applying it by an appropriate method such as spray coating, curtain coating, dipping, wire bar coating, applicator coating, spin coating, roll coating, electrodeposition coating, brush coating, etc. and heat curing. 
Styrene-(meth)acrylic acid-based resins are resins copolymerized with (meth)acrylic acid-based monomers, such as (meth)acrylic acid and/or (meth)acrylic acid esters, with styrene monomer as an essential component. 
The silicone surfactants of component (A) used in this invention include, for example, , polyether-modified silicones represented by the following general formulas (1) to (3). .
The water-soluble polymeric thickeners of component (D) used in this invention are not limited to those used in ordinary cosmetics, such as , vinyl polymers, cellulose polymers, xanthan gum, carrageenan, gelatin, hyaluronic acid hyaluronic acid, and tuberose polysaccharide, etc. .
Vinyl polymers include, for example, , carboxyvinyl polymers, alkyl acrylate copolymers, alkyl acrylate-methacrylate copolymers, polyacrylic acid, polyvinyl alcohol, polyvinyl pyrrolidone and their salts. 
Cellulosic polymers include, for example, , methylcellulose, hydroxyethylcellulose, hydroxyethylmethylcellulose, hydroxypropylcellulose, hydroxypropylmethylcellulose, sodium carboxymethylcellulose, sodium methyl hydroxypropyl cellulose, etc. are examples. 
Such cationic crosslinked copolymers can be produced, for example, according to the method described in , Special Publication 2005-170800. .
In addition to the above ingredients, the water-in-oil emulsion cosmetic may contain ingredients used in ordinary cosmetics, such as , preservatives, UV absorbers, antioxidants, metal ion sequestering agents, pigments, inorganic pigments, polymeric powders, fragrances, and others. .
In solutions with relatively high salt concentrations (e.g., , in 0.9% NaCl for injection) small particles are required. If particles are required, they may be formed by heat treatment at low ionic strength and further salt may be added after cooling to achieve the desired osmolarity concentration. 
The body 3 of the vanity table also contains a display control unit 8 that controls the display of the display unit 5, an operation unit 9 for the user to perform operations such as switching the  display content, for example, and a control unit 7 equipped with a timekeeping unit 10 and a subtraction timer 11. The control unit 7, which is equipped with a timekeeping unit 10 for timing the current time and a subtraction timer 11, is housed in the control unit 7. The control unit 9 is installed in an exposed position that can be operated from the outside of the vanity table body 3. 
The display control unit 8 includes, for example, a  temperature measuring resistor that measures the air temperature (room temperature) of the room 20 in which the vanity unit 1 is installed and the air temperature outside the room (outside temperature), respectively, and a humidity measuring unit 1 13 that measures the humidity in the room 20 by means of an impedance conversion or capacitance conversion type humidity sensor. The temperature measurement part 13 measures the air temperature, and the humidity measurement part 1.4 measures the humidity in the room 20, which is equipped with an impedance conversion type or capacitance conversion type humidity sensor. 4 that measures the humidity in the room 20, and a human body detection sensor 1 The results of the detection are input to the system. Although the temperature measuring section 13 measures both room temperature and outside temperature in this embodiment, it may measure only one of the room temperature or outside temperature and output to the display control section 8. 
Instead of the display control section 8 automatically switching the contents of the display section 5, the display control section 8 may cyclically switch the contents of the display section 5 according to the operation input from the operation section 9 each time the user operates the operation section 9. For example, the contents displayed on the display section 5 may be cyclically switched in the order of  current time → room temperature → outside temperature → humidity → current time → ..., so that the necessary information can be obtained when necessary.   <end_template 
For example, , in a surface light-emitting device in which a decorative sheet with a pattern such as wood grain is superimposed and arranged on the output side of a light guide plate, which emits light from a light source incident from one end surface and emits light from one main surface, one end surface of the light guide plate is the light incident surface and one surface to emit is the main surface However, the disadvantage is that the amount of light emitted on the side close to the light source increases, producing excessive bright or light areas, while the amount of light emitted decreases as one moves away from the light source, producing dark areas, and this causes the pattern pattern to not have uniform brightness throughout. 
The invention relates to proteinaceous constructs containing blood coagulation factors (e.g.,  factor VIII molecules) bound to water-soluble polymers, and methods of preparation thereof in the presence of binding antibodies. The invention relates to a method of preparation thereof in the presence of a binding antibody. 
According to the invention, for example, "recombinant factor VIII (rFVIII) rFVIII)", "recombinant factor VII ( rFVII)" (including (including rFVIIa), and "recombinant factor IX ( The term "recombinant blood coagulation factors" such as "recombinant factor IX (rFIX)" is used to refer to any recombinant blood coagulation factor (e.g., ). rFVIII, rFVII, and rFVII rFVII, and rFIX), or recombinant obtained by recombinant DNA technology, heterologous heterologous or other naturally occurring clotting factors obtained by recombinant DNA technology. In some embodiments, this term encompasses the above proteins. 
As used herein, "plasma-derived blood coagulation proteins" (e.g., "plasma-derived FVIII", "plasma-derived FVII" or "plasma-derived FIX"), or other plasma-derived clotting factors or "plasma-derived includes all forms of proteins found in blood obtained from mammals that have the property of activating the coagulation pathway. 
The blood coagulation factors of the invention (e.g., , FVIII, FVII, or FVII or FIX), or polynucleotides encoding other blood coagulation factors, are also Polynucleotides encoding, without limitation, (1) under strict ( stringent) hybrid formation conditions. (2) those that hybridize specifically with nucleic acids encoding the reference amino acid sequences described herein and their conserved modified variants, (3) those that hybridize specifically with nucleic acids encoding at least about 25, about 5 0, about 100, about 150, about 20 0, about 250, about 500, about 10 00 or more nucleotides (up to a maximum of 1218 nucleotides full-length sequence of the mature protein). Over a region of about 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99%, or 99% of the reference nucleic acid sequence described herein, the nucleic acid sequence is approximately 95% or more of the reference nucleic acid sequence described herein. 8%, 97%, 99%, or more nucleotide sequence identity to the reference nucleic acid sequence described herein. 
Tsubery et al. JBiolChem,. 2004, vol. 279, pp. 38 pp. 118-24) and Shechter et al. (International Publication No. 0 4089280A3). PEG derivatives with degradability (e.g., , hydrolyzable linker) are also intended. 
In the embodiments described above, the fixing surface 58a was formed on the connecting member 58, but other structures, such as , plate The fixing surface 58a may be formed by machining the edge of the member 59. 
For example, Patent Literature 1 (Patent Publication No. 2000-2-33480) describes a decorative sheet consisting of a laminated base film layer and a protective film layer, wherein the protective film layer is composed mainly of amorphous polyester resin. No. 33480), a decorative sheet consisting of a laminated base film layer and a protective film layer, the main component of which is amorphous polyester resin, wherein the protective film layer consists of a dicarboxylic acid component comprising terephthalic acid and a 1,4-35 mol% 1,4-ethylenedioic acid component. The protective film layer is composed of a dicarboxylic acid component consisting of terephthalic acid, 25 to 35 mol% 1,4 cyclohexanedimethanol and a diol component consisting of 65 to 75 mol% ethylene glycol, and a crystalline polyester resin 4 0 to 95% by mass and crystalline polyester resin selected from polyethylene terephthalate resin and polybutylene terephthalate resin having crystalline properties5 to 6 This decorative sheet is said to have excellent formability by heat processing and to be able to prevent whitening due to microcracks. 
The present invention relates to a cooling device for a high-pressure homogenizer, for example, a device for cooling a suspension containing fine raw materials in a liquid or a raw material consisting of a suspension in food, seasoning, beverage, chemical, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, various synthetic resin, etc., compressed under high pressure and passed through an orifice at high speed. The heat generated in the orifice as a heat source by the high-pressure homogenizer, which disperses, emulsifies, crushes, and otherwise processes and subdivides the raw material, is cooled to ensure proper clearance of the fine gap formed in the orifice and to guarantee long operation of the high-pressure homogenizer. 
In the past, for example, in the papermaking field, there have been high-pressure homogenizers for subdividing raw materials in suspension containing fibrous cellulose by passing them through an orifice of small diameter at a high velocity under high pressure, thereby dispersing the materials at a high pressure difference (see, for example, Pat. start_template>See Patent Document 1. ). <end_template
The cooling system of the high-pressure homogenizer 1 of Embodiment 1 comprises the above configuration, and in order to process and subdivide the fine raw material G, such as dispersion, emulsification, crushing, etc., the suspension 2 in the liquid, or the semi-fluid animal 2′ is compressed at high pressure, e.g., 100-28 The material G, which consists of a suspension 2 or a semi-fluid animal 2′ contained in a liquid, is compressed at a high pressure, e.g., 100 to 28 MPa, and is then compressed with a movable valve The material G is compressed through the orifice 5 in a small gap K formed between the tip 4a of the movable valve 4 and the opposite wall 3a of the cylinder case 3, which is slid freely in the axial direction X and rotated freely in the cylinder case 3. The raw material G is passed through the orifice 5 at a high velocity to be processed and subdivided by dispersion, emulsification, crushing, etc. of said raw material G at a high pressure difference. 
For example, , in the standard manner as shown in Figure 1, the pump body 2 is a hollow cylinder 2 sized to allow housing the device according to the invention 1. 
By the way, various methods have been proposed to obtain these various forms of ZnO materials, such as , hollow For example, in the production of hollow ZnO spheres, the PS (polystyrene) template method, the in-site Zn oxidation method, and the soft template method have been proposed. template method, etc. have been proposed for the production of hollow ZnO spheres. 
The ZnO-based nanotubes formed according to the present invention are lightweight due to their fine tube shape. In addition to the properties of ZnO itself, the hollow pores of the ZnO nanotubes can be suitably used as a filler in, for example, , cosmetics, drugs, paints, etc. Furthermore, they can be used as a fluorophore and in various applications such as biosensors, carriers, reactors, adsorbents, catalysts, etc. It can be advantageously used as a novel material that can be expected to be applied to various applications such as biosensors, carriers, reactors, adsorbents, and catalysts. 
For example, , a manufacturing method for solution polymerization of a monomer mixture containing a carboxyl group-containing monomer and a monomer having a polyethylene glycol chain in a mixture of a water-soluble organic solvent and water is disclosed (see, for example, , Patent Ref. 1).  However, when mixing hydrophobic monomers such as styrene, it is difficult to obtain copolymers because phase separation occurs. 
In contrast, a method of copolymerizing hydrophobic monomer has been disclosed (see, for example, , Patent Document 7), but the content of hydrophobic monomer that can be copolymerized is limited to 5% by mass of the amount of water-soluble monomer. Thus, it was difficult to copolymerize a large amount of hydrophobic monomer in the reverse layer suspension polymerization method. 
Other ethylenically unsaturated monomers include, for example, , acrylamides, and glycidyl(meth)acrylate, which can also be used in addition to the hydrophilic and hydrophobic monomers mentioned above, as needed. 
Specifically, for example, , vinyltrimethoxysilane, vinyltriethoxysilane, gamma-methacryloxypropyltrimethoxysilane, vinyltriacetoxysilane, methyltrimethoxysilane, methyltriethoxysilane, isobutyltrimethoxysilane, dimethyldimethoxysilane, dimethyldiethoxysilane, trimethylmethoxysilane, hydroxypropyltrimethoxysilane, phenyltrimethoxysilane, phenethyltrimethoxysilane, n hexadecyltrimethoxysilane, n-octadecyltrimethoxysilane, etc. can be mentioned. 
For example, , under atmospheric pressure, while stirring the suspension in which said suspended particles are dispersed, a reaction at a reaction temperature of 40 to 100°C for 1 to 24 hours is preferable from the viewpoint of obtaining a polymer in high yield, etc. For example, , under atmospheric pressure, the suspension in which said suspended particles are dispersed is reacted for 1 to 24 hours at a reaction temperature of 40 to 100°C while being stirred. 
Fatty acids with 6 to 24 carbons may be saturated or unsaturated, which may be used in the present invention, such as caproic acid, caprylic acid, capric acid, lauric acid, myristic acid, palmitic acid, oleic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, stearic acid, arachic acid, etc., preferably straight-chain saturated fatty acids with carbon numbers from 12 to 22. 
Resin beads with peaks indicating the above three particle groups are, for example, (A) Particle group with a particle diameter of 5 μm or less, (B) Particle group with a particle diameter of 10 to 30 μm, and (C) Particle group with a particle diameter of 30 μm. (B) Particle group with a particle diameter of 10 to 30 μm, and (C) Particle group with a particle diameter of more than 30 μm but less than 50 μm. (C) Particle groups with particle diameters greater than 30 μm and less than or equal to 50 μm can be used. 
Colorants used with the above resin beads and vehicles include, for example, , inorganic pigments such as carbon black, titanium white, zinc oxide, valence, and dark blue for steel sheets; metallic powder pigments such as aluminum powder and prong powder; titanium dioxide-coated mica, bismuth chloride oxide Pearlescent pigments; fluorescent pigments; luminescent pigments, etc. 
The pattern layer formed by gravure printing using ink containing resin beads of the invention and gravure plate material having the cell shape of columnar recesses on the transparent resin layer provided in this way as desired can adopt, for example,  wood grain pattern, stone grain pattern, sand grain pattern, tiled pattern, brickwork pattern, fabric pattern, skin-drawing pattern, geometric figures, letters, symbols, various abstract patterns, or solid colors on the entire surface, or a combination of these patterns, depending on the intended use of the printed material. The pattern layer formed by gravure printing using gravure plate materials can be, for example, wood grain patterns, stone grain patterns, sand grain patterns, tiled patterns, brickwork patterns, fabric patterns, leather patterns, geometric figures, letters, symbols, various abstract patterns, or solid colors on the entire surface, or a combination of these patterns, etc. 
This invention relates to amusement machines, for example, , ballistic amusement machines such as Seven machine which combines the features of shuttlecock, shuttlecock, right-of-way machine which combines the features of shuttlecock, or arrange-ball machine which combines the features of shuttlecock. .
The "condition for performing the opening operation" of the invention of each claim is a condition for the opening operation of the opening/closing member, and is, for example, , (1) a condition that is satisfied each time a ball enters "another ball entry device located in the play area (a ball entry device different from the ball entry devices shown in each claim, such as <start (2) A state in which the game state of the machine is established when a judgment means constituting the machine makes a judgment based on the ball entering this other ball entry device (start ball entry device) and the judgment result is a jackpot, etc. The state of the game machine can be exemplified as follows.  In the following description, one of the "other ball entry devices" may be referred to as the "opening/closing operation start ball entry device. <end_template
In this machine, a specified number of balls (e.g., , 15 or 16 balls) are launched to play a single unit of game, and a prize mode is determined from the combination of prize information displayed on the prize information display means during this single unit of game. The prize pattern is determined from the combination of the prize information displayed on the prize information display means during this single unit of play, and the prize game value determined according to the pattern is given to the player. 
At each construction site, for example, when performing air conditioning installation work, outdoor units are installed on the roof or outdoors, and indoor units are installed inside each room on each floor, and the outdoor units and indoor units are connected with refrigerant piping to complete the air conditioning system. 
Therefore, the present invention was created to solve the above-mentioned problems and, for example,  by vertically installing multiple insulation-coated copper pipes used as gas pipes and liquid pipes in air conditioners, it becomes possible to save installation space to about half of the conventional space and, moreover, to provide various types of piping that can be securely fixed. The purpose of this product is to provide a vertical piping fixture that can be adapted even if there is a slight change in the size of piping, and can securely fix various types of piping. 
According to claim 1 of the invention, the lower pipe support frame 4 and the upper pipe support frame 5 are designed to simultaneously clamp and fix pipes P1 and P2 of the same or different diameters. This allows the installation space to be reduced to about half of the conventional installation space, for example, gas pipes and liquid pipes used in air conditioners, which are fixed side by side. 
According to the present invention, for example,  by vertically installing a plurality of insulation-coated copper pipes used as gas pipes and liquid pipes in air conditioners, it is possible to save installation space to about half of the conventional space and, moreover, to adapt to various sizes of various pipes and to fix them securely even if the size is changed. Moreover, it can be adapted to various sizes of piping and can be securely fixed even if the size is changed. 
By forming the lower tube support frame 4 and the upper tube support frame 5 of the strip fitting 1 in this way, it is possible to freely combine insulated coated copper tubes P of different diameters used in  air conditioners, for example. (See Fig. 6). 
(3-4. Power Supply Unit) The power supply unit 70 described above draws power from an external power source (e.g., A100VAC). C100V), and then it supplies the power necessary to operate the slot machine 1 (e.g., 24V DC, 12V DC, 5V DC, 5V DC, 5V DC, 5V DC). DC24V, 12V, 5 V) to generate the power required to operate the slot machine 1.  In this system, power is supplied from the power supply unit 70 to the main control board 92, and then to the main control board 9 2 and relays the reel drive motors 88a, 88b, 8 8c, hopper device 78, sub control board 94, and various production elements are supplied with the necessary operating power. 
（The (a) component is, for example, , phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid as NeoHeliopanHydro (Symrise), Eusolex Eusolex 232 (Merck), etc., and phenylene-bis-benzoimidazole tetrasulfonic acid is commercially available in sodium-neutralized form as NeoHeliopanAP (Symrise, Inc.), etc., and these can be suitably used. 
Examples of waxes include , beeswax, candelilla wax, carnauba wax, lanolin, liquid lanolin, and jojoba wax. .
Examples of liquid oils and fats are , avocado oil, camellia oil, turtle oil, macadamia nut oil, corn oil, mink oil, olive oil, rape seed oil, egg yolk oil, sesame oil, persicum oil, wheat germ oil, sasanqua oil, castor oil, horsebean oil, safflower oil, cottonseed oil, eno oil, soybean oil, peanut oil, tea seed oil, kaya oil, rice nuclease oil, jojoba oil, germ oil, and triglycerin. Eno oil, soybean oil, peanut oil, tea seed oil, kaya oil, rice nuka oil, chinese giri oil, japan kiri oil, jojoba oil, germ oil, triglycerin, etc. are examples. 
Ester oils include, for example, , isopropyl myristate, cetyl octanoate, octyldodecyl myristate, isopropyl palmitate, butyl stearate, hexyl laurate, myristyl myristate, decyl oleate, dimethyl octanoate Hexyldecyl decyl dimethyl octanoate, Cetyl lactate, Myristyl lactate, Lanolin acetate, Isocetyl stearate, Isocetyl isostearate, Cholesteryl 12-hydroxystearate, Di  Diisostearyl malate, glycerol di-2-heptylundecanoate, trimethylolpropane tri-2-ethylhexanoate Trimethylolpropane triisostearate, pentaerythritol tetra-2-ethylhexanoate, glyceryl tri-2 Glyceryl ethylhexanoate, Glyceryl trioctanoate, Glyceryl triisopalmitate, Trimethylolpropane triisostearate, Cetyl 2-ethylhexanoate, 2 2-ethylhexyl palmitate, glycerol trimyristate, glycerides tri-2-heptyl undecanoate, castor oil fatty acid methyl esters, oleyl oleate, acetoglycerides, palmitate, glycerides tri-isopalmitate, trimethylol propane triisostearate, cetyl 2-ethylhexanoate, glycerides tri-myristate, glycerides tri-2-heptyl undecanoate, castor oil fatty acid methyl esters, oleoyl Acetoglycerides, 2-heptylundecyl palmitate, diisobutyl adipate, N-lauroyl-L 2-octyldodecyl glutamate, di-2-heptyl undecyl adipate, diisobutyl adipate, di-lauroyl-L-glutamic acid-2-octyldodecyl ester, di-2-heptyl undecyl adipate Ethyl laurate, di-2-ethylhexyl sebacate, 2-hexyldecyl myristate, 2 2-hexyldecyl myristate, 2-hexyldecyl palmitate, 2-hexyldecyl adipate, diisopropyl sebacate, 2-ethylhexyl succinate, triethyl citrate, etc. are examples. 
UV absorbers include, for example, , cinnamic acid derivatives such as ethylhexyl methoxysilicate, isopropyl methoxysilicate, and isoamyl methoxysilicate; para-aminobenzoic acid (hereinafter referred to as PABA"), ethyl PABA, ethyl dihydroxypropyl PABA, ethylhexyl-dimethyl PABA, ethyl PABA, ethyl dihydroxypropyl PABA, ethylhexyl-dimethyl PABA, glyceryl PABA, etc. PABA derivatives such as homosalate, ethylhexyl salicylate, dipropylene glycol salicylate, TEA salicylate, etc. salicylic acid derivatives such as ethylhexyl salicylate, dipropylene glycol salicylate, TEA salicylate; benzophenone-1, benzophenone-2, benzophenone-3 or benzophenone-3 or oxybenzone, benzophenone-4, benzophenone-5, benzophenone -6, benzophenone-8, benzophenone-9, benzophenone-1 Benzophenone derivatives such as benzophenone-4, benzophenone-5, benzophenone-6, benzophenone-8, benzophenone-9, benzophenone-1,2; 3-benzylidene-shonohydrate, 4-methylbenzylidene-shonohydrate, polyacrylamidomethylbenzylidene-shonohydrate Benzylidene ginseng derivatives; anisotriazine, ethylhexyltriazone, diethihexylbutamidotriazone, 2,4,6-tris(diisobutyl) triazine derivatives such as 2,4,6-tris(diisobutyl-4'-aminobenzalmaronato)-s-triazine; 4-imidazole acrylate Imidazole derivatives such as 4-imidazole acrylic acid ethyl ester, 5-methyl-2phenylbenzoimidazole; drometrizole Drometrizole trisiloxane, phenylbenzotriazole derivatives such as methylenebis(benzotriazolyltetramethylbutylphenol); anthranil derivatives such as menthyl anthranilate; imidazoline derivatives such as ethylhexyl dimethoxybenzylidene dioxoimidazoline propionate Imidazoline derivatives such as imidazoline propionate; benzalmaronate derivatives such as benzalmaronate-functionalized polyorganosiloxane; 1,1-dicarboxy(2,2 4,4-diarylbutadienes such as 1,1-dicarboxy(2,2'-dimethylpropyl)-4,4-diphenylbutadiene. 4,4-diarylbutadiene derivatives such as 1-dicarboxy (2,2'-dimethylpropyl)-4,4-diphenylbutadiene. 
The other door locking latch 23 corresponds to the closing fixture 22 provided on the rear side of the front frame 5, for example, Fig. When the front frame 5 is pushed into the main frame 3 from the state shown in Fig. 2, the three door locking latches 23 on the upper and lower sides are engaged with the corresponding clamps 22. 22, thereby securing the front frame 5 to the main frame 3 in a locked state. 
At this time, for example, if the result of the  jackpot judgment is a winner, a production pattern in which the three movable displays 44a, 44b, and 44c are activated simultaneously and violently may be adopted. b, and 44c at the same time, or the pattern in which the three movable displays 44a, 44b, and 44c are activated in sequence is adopted. If the jackpot result is selected, a production pattern in which the three movable displays 44a, 44b, and 44c are activated simultaneously and vigorously is adopted. This can be used to express the so-called "high jackpot reliability" in a dramatic manner. 
(10) Regarding the placement of the movable decorative element, one embodiment uses a pachinko machine's playing board as an example, but the movable display element may, for example, , be placed inside the front door of a pachinko machine (slot machine). .
The "number of axe throws" corresponds to the number of times Gon father character TC throws the stone axe ON (see Fig. 5.6) in a single variation display during the chance direction. For example, , if the pattern of variation number 3 is selected for the chance production and the "number of axe throws" is 2, the "number of axe throws" will be 2. For example, if the pattern of variation number 3, in which the "number of axe throws" is 2 times, is selected during the chance production, the Gon father character TC throws the stone axe ON 2 times in one variation and the "number of axe throws" is 10 times. When the pattern of variation number 23, in which the "number of axe throws" is 10, is selected, the Gon father character TC throws the stone axe ON 10 times in one variation display. TC throws the stone axe ON 10 times in one variable display. 
In addition, by setting multiple values (e.g., , 50 times, 3 times, and 10 times) for the end decision value set at the start of the chance performance, or in other words, the value that determines the end of the performance display in the special performance mode, it is possible to diversify the performance display in the special performance mode and further reduce the loss of interest. By setting three types of values (e.g., , 50 times, 3 times, and 10 times), the number of times the special performance can be displayed can be diversified, and the loss of interest in the game can be further suppressed. 
Although the above embodiment shows a pachinko machine 1 as a game machine, the present invention can be applied to game machines other than pachinko machines, such as , slot machines, and game machines that are a fusion of a pachinko machine and a slot machine. The invention can be applied to machines other than pachinko machines. 
The other door locking latch 23 corresponds to the closing fixture 22 provided on the rear side of the front frame 5, for example, Fig. When the front frame 5 is pushed into the main frame 3 from the state shown in Fig. 2, the three door locking latches 23 on the upper and lower sides are engaged with the corresponding clamps 22. 22, thereby securing the front frame 5 to the main frame 3 in a locked state. 
At this time, for example, if the result of the  jackpot judgment is a winner, a production pattern in which the three movable displays 44a, 44b, and 44c are activated simultaneously and violently may be adopted. b, and 44c at the same time, or the pattern in which the three movable displays 44a, 44b, and 44c are activated in sequence is adopted. If the jackpot result is selected, a production pattern in which the three movable displays 44a, 44b, and 44c are activated simultaneously and vigorously is adopted. This can be used to express the so-called "high jackpot reliability" in a dramatic manner. 
(10) Regarding the placement of the movable decorative element, one embodiment uses a pachinko machine's playing board as an example, but the movable display element may, for example, , be placed inside the front door of a pachinko machine (slot machine). .
The "number of axe throws" corresponds to the number of times Gon father character TC throws the stone axe ON (see Fig. 5.6) in a single variation display during the chance direction. For example, , if the pattern of variation number 3 is selected for the chance production and the "number of axe throws" is 2, the "number of axe throws" will be 2. For example, if the pattern of variation number 3, in which the "number of axe throws" is 2 times, is selected during the chance production, the Gon father character TC throws the stone axe ON 2 times in one variation and the "number of axe throws" is 10 times. When the pattern of variation number 23, in which the "number of axe throws" is 10, is selected, the Gon father character TC throws the stone axe ON 10 times in one variation display. TC throws the stone axe ON 10 times in one variable display. 
In addition, by setting multiple values (e.g., , 50 times, 3 times, and 10 times) for the end decision value set at the start of the chance performance, or in other words, the value that determines the end of the performance display in the special performance mode, it is possible to diversify the performance display in the special performance mode and further reduce the loss of interest. By setting three types of values (e.g., , 50 times, 3 times, and 10 times), the number of times the special performance can be displayed can be diversified, and the loss of interest in the game can be further suppressed. 
Although the above embodiment shows a pachinko machine 1 as a game machine, the present invention can be applied to game machines other than pachinko machines, such as , slot machines, and game machines that are a fusion of a pachinko machine and a slot machine. The invention can be applied to machines other than pachinko machines. 
UV absorbers include, for example, , para-aminobenzoic acid, octyl-p-methoxycinnamate (2-ethylhexyl -p-methoxycinnamate), glyceryl mono-2-ethylhexanoyl Diparamethoxycinnamate, methyl bis(trimethylsiloxane)silylisopentyl trimethoxysilicate, and other silicicic acid UV absorbers, 2,2'-hydroxy 2,2'-hydroxy-5-methylphenylbenzotriazole, 2-(2'-hydroxy-5'-t-oxo 2-(2'-hydroxy-5'-t-octylphenyl)benzotriazole, 2-( 2'-hydroxy-5'-methylphenylbenzotriazole, 4 4-methoxy-4'-t-butyl dibenzoylmethane, 5-(3,3-dimethylphenyl)benzotriazole (3,3-dimethyl-2-norbornylidene)-3-pentan-2-pentane 3-pentan-2-one, bis-ethylhexyloxyphenol-methoxyphenyl -triazine, 2,4,6-tris[4-(2-(2-(2-ethylhexyloxycarboxylic acid) ethylhexyloxycarbonyl)anilino]1,3,5-triazine, dimorpholinopyridazinone, 2-ethylhexyl 2-ethylhexyl-2-cyano-3,3-diphenylacrylate, etc. 
UV scattering agents include, for example, , average particle size of 10 to 100 nm powders such as fine titanium dioxide, fine zinc oxide, fine iron oxide, and fine cerium oxide. .
Examples of waxes include , beeswax, candelilla wax, carnauba wax, lanolin, liquid lanolin, and jojoba wax. .
Examples of hydrocarbon oils include , liquid paraffin, ozokerite, squalane, pristane, paraffin, selenin, squalene, vaseline, microcrystalline wax, polyethylene wax, and Fischer-Tropsch wax. 
Polyhydric alcohols include , polyethylene glycol, glycerin, diglycerin, 1,3-butylene glycol, erythritol, sorbitol, xylitol, and maltitol, 1,2-pentanediol, and hexylene glycol. 
The salts of the above agents are not limited, but include, for example, , alkali metal or alkaline earth metal salts such as sodium, potassium, and calcium salts, as well as ammonium and amino acid salts. 
Liquid oils and fats include, for example, , avocado oil, camellia oil, macadamia nut oil, corn oil, olive oil, rape seed oil, sesame oil, wheat germ oil, sasanqua oil, castor oil, horsebean oil, safflower oil, cottonseed oil, soybean oil, groundnut oil, tea seed oil, rice nuka oil, jojoba oil embryo bud oil, triglycerin, etc. are examples. 
Solid fats and oils include, for example, , cocoa fat, coconut oil, hardened coconut oil, palm oil, palm kernel oil, mokuro kernel oil, hardened oil, mokuro, hardened castor oil. 
Waxes include, for example, , beeswax, candelilla wax, carnauba wax, lanolin, lanolin acetate, liquid lanolin, cane wax, isopropyl lanolin fatty acid, hexyl laurate, reduced lanolin, jojoba wax, hard lanolin, serac wax POE lanolin alcohol ether, POE lanolin alcohol acetate, POE POE cholesterol ether, lanolin fatty acid polyethylene glycol, POE hydrogenated lanolin alcohol ether, etc. Examples include 
Examples of hydrocarbon oils include , liquid paraffin, ozokerite, squalane, pristane, paraffin, selenin, squalene, vaseline, microcrystalline wax, and fisher-tropswax. 
Higher fatty acids include, for example, , lauric acid, myristic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid, behenic acid, oleic acid, undecylenic acid, isostearic acid, linoleic acid, linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), etc. are examples. 
Moisturizers include, for example, , polyethylene glycol, propylene glycol, glycerin, 1,3-butylene glycol, xylitol, sorbitol, maltitol, chondroitin sulfate, hyaluronic acid, acetyl hyaluronic acid, mucopolysaccharides such as muco Chondroitin sulfate, hyaluronic acid, acetylated hyaluronic acid, mucopolysaccharides such as mucoitin sulfate and their salts, cholesteryl-12-hydroxystearate, lactic acid, sodium lactate, dl-pyrrolidonecarboxylic acid dl-pyrrolidone carboxylate, trimethylglycine, diglycerin (EO) PO adduct, extract, Ysayoi rosea extract, yarrow extract, merillote extract, etc. are listed. 
Other than the above water-soluble polymers, examples of thickening agents include , magnesium aluminum silicate, bentonite, organically modified bentonite, hectorite, A1Mg silicate (bee gum), Laponite, and silicic anhydrous acid. 
Metal ion sequestering agents include, for example, , 1-hydroxyethane-1,1-diphosphonic acid, tetrasodium 1-hydroxyethane-1,1-diphosphonic acid tetrasodium salt, disodium edetate, trisodium edetate, tetrasodium edetate sodium, sodium hexametaphosphate, sodium citrate, sodium polyphosphate, sodium metaphosphate, gluconic acid, phosphoric acid, citric acid, ascorbic acid, succinic acid, edetic acid, trisodium ethylenediamine hydroxyethyl triacetate, etc. 
Examples of lower alcohols include , ethanol, isopropanol, isobutyl alcohol, t-butyl alcohol, etc. .
The aforementioned cosmetics are specifically, but not limited to,  foundation cosmetics, makeup cosmetics, or body cosmetics, for example. 
In addition, terminal equipment 2-k and terminal equipment 3-j (having response information receiving means and display control means in the present invention) are A personal computer (PC) or PDA (Personal Digital Assistant) with a Web browser (software) installed, for example, . PDA (Personal Digital Assistant) with a Web browser (software) installed, and displays a Web page provided by the travel agency server 1 via the network NW. The web page provided by the travel agency server 1 via the network NW can be displayed on a display screen (e.g.,  liquid crystal display, etc.).  In this case, a cell phone or similar device can be used as the terminal device 2-k and terminal device 3-j. In this case, the communication protocol is converted by the gateway server that relays the communication between the Internet and the mobile communication network. 
The above programs, etc., may be obtained from, for example, , other servers, etc., via the network NW, or they may be recorded on a disk DK (recording medium) such as CD-ROM and stored in the drive section 1. The various programs, etc. described above may be obtained from other servers, etc. via the network NW, or they may be recorded on a disk DK (recording medium) such as CD-ROM and read via drive section 1 4, or it may be recorded on a disk DK (recording medium) such as CD-ROM and read via the drive section 1.4. 
The lodging reservation status includes, for example, , the lodging reservation date and the member ID of the user who registered the reservation for each room (changes according to the user's reservation registration). 
The accommodation reservation information includes, for example, , the facility ID of the accommodation facility for which the user has registered a reservation, and the date of the accommodation reservation (changes according to the user's reservation registration). 
It is also possible to specify the stamp display area on the stamp card image where the thin stamp image is to be displayed (e.g., , in order of decreasing serial number), and register the information indicating that the thin stamp image is to be displayed in the specified stamp display area in the stamp management information specified above. The information indicating that a thin stamp image is displayed in the stamp display area specified above may be registered in the stamp management information specified above. 
Among the stamp display areas on the stamp card image where the light stamp image is to be displayed, the stamp display areas where the dark stamp image is to be displayed may be identified (e.g., , in order of decreasing serial number), and information indicating that the dark stamp image is to be displayed in the identified stamp display areas instead of the light stamp image may be registered in the stamp management information identified above. The information indicating that a dark stamp image is to be displayed instead of a light stamp image in the stamp display area identified above may be registered in the stamp management information identified above. 
When system control unit 20 receives request information indicating a request for a stamp card image from terminal device 3-j (after login) via the network When system control unit 20 receives the request information indicating a request for a stamp card image from terminal device 3-j (after logging in) via the network NW, it adds the stamp card for the member corresponding to the member ID of the user of said terminal device 3-j The stamp card information (including the combination of the facility ID and the stamp management information) is identified by accessing and referring to the membership accommodation related information database 103, and the stamp card image data pertaining to the above request and the stamp card image data pertaining to the above identified stamp card image are then sent to the membership accommodation related information database 103. The stamp card image data and the stamp image of at least one of the light stamp image and the dark stamp image indicated by the stamp management information in the above-identified stamp card information for members are retrieved, and the retrieved stamp card image data and stamp image data, as well as the stamp card image data and the stamp card image to display the stamp card image, are stored on the stamp card. The data of the stamp card image and the stamp image, as well as the data for constructing a stamp card screen (web page) for displaying the stamp card image (e.g., , including H The response information including data to configure the stamp card screen (Web page) to display the stamp card image (e.g., , including HML data) is sent to terminal device 3-j via the network NW. j via the network NW. .
As a precondition for this operation, the terminal device 3-j of the user who is a member connects to the travel agency server 1 and logs in to the accommodation reservation registration site, and the user who is a member The accommodation reservation registration screen (Web page) describing the name, address, and introduction, etc. of the desired accommodation facility that has been searched for through the accommodation facility search screen (e.g., , regional search for accommodation facilities for a business trip in one month's time) is displayed. (e.g., , a web page) that contains the name, address, and introduction of the desired accommodation facility. 
If the travel agency server 1 consists of, for example, a , an accommodation reservation registration server and a card image provision server, the card image provision server will recognize the above reservation registration by receiving a notice of completion of the reservation registration process executed by the accommodation reservation registration server via a communication means such as LAN. The card image server recognizes the above reservation registration by receiving a notification of the completion of the reservation registration process executed by the accommodation reservation registration server via LAN or other communication means, and performs the process from step S31 onward. 
The system control unit 20 of the travel agency server 1 then retrieves the number of stamp image achievements included in the stamp card information for the facility corresponding to said identified facility ID from the lodging facility information database 101, and retrieves the number of stamp image achievements (e.g., , 5, 10, 15, 20) corresponding to said facility ID from said stamp image achievement number (e.g., , 5, 10, 15, 20). 15, 20) of the number of stamp image achievements (e.g., , 5, 10, 15, 20) that are greater than the total number of dark stamp images ( M), the sum of the total number of light stamp images (N) and the total number of dark stamp images ( If not (step S74: No), the number of achieved stamp images is determined to be smaller than the sum (M+N) of the total number of light stamp images (N) and the total number of dark stamp images (M) included in the stamp management information corresponding to the facility ID concerned (step S74: No), the stamp management information and its associated expiration date and facility ID are deleted from the member If there is (step S74: Yes), the relevant stamp management information and the corresponding expiration date and facility ID are deleted from the lodging-related information database 103 (step S75). If there is (Step S74: Yes), the stamp management information, the expiration date and the facility ID associated with the stamp management information are not deleted from the database (Step S75). If there are any (step S74: Yes), the stamp management information, the expiration date and the facility ID associated with the stamp are not deleted, and a  flag for not subject to discrimination at the time of reservation registration (not subject to the processing at the time of service confirmation described above) is added to them so that they are not subject to discrimination in step S32 above (step S76). Step S76). The reason for not deleting the stamp image even though the expiration date has passed is that the total number of dark stamp images (M) may subsequently reach the number of stamp image achievements due to processing at the time of service finalization, and in such cases, even if the expiration date has passed, the This is in order to provide a gift. 
As a precondition for this operation, the terminal device 3-j of the user, who is a member, is connected to the travel agency server 1 and logged in to the accommodation reservation registration site, and said terminal device The terminal device 3-j is loaded with the stamp accumulation confirmation screen (as described above, the URL of the confirmation screen is displayed in the e-mail sent by the travel agency server 1) according to the user's operation instructions. The URL may be, for example,  clicked with the mouse) is displayed in accordance with the user's operation instructions.  (which may be displayed by mouse click)
In such a state of displaying the stamp accumulation confirmation screen, when the user of terminal device 3-j operates the operation unit and specifies the name of the accommodation facility pertaining to the stamp card image that he/she wishes to view (e.g., ) When the user clicks with the mouse, terminal device 3-j starts the process shown in Figure 9(a) and displays the facility ID of the accommodation facility in question (this facility ID is the one displayed on the screen). The terminal device 3-j starts the process shown in Figure 9(A), acquires the facility ID (this facility ID is not displayed, but is associated with the name of the accommodation facility) of the accommodation facility in question, and sends the stamp card image The viewing request information (an example of request information indicating a request for a card image) is sent to the travel agency server 1 via the network NW (step S8 1). 
The system control unit 20 of the travel agency server 1 then stores the above-obtained stamp card image data, stamp image data, and present (prize) information, as well as the data to configure the stamp card screen (Web page) for displaying the stamp card image (e.g., , H The control unit 20 responds with the data to configure the stamp card screen (Web page) that displays the stamp card images (e.g., , H TML data) and the like are sent to terminal device 3-j via the network NW (step S93). The response information including data (e.g., , including HTML data), etc., is sent to terminal device 3-j via the network NW (step S93). 
In the above embodiment, the data of the stamp card image and the data of the stamp image are each sent to terminal device 3-j, and the stamp image is superimposed (pasted) on the stamp display area of the stamp card image on said terminal device 3-j. However, as another example, for example, , the travel agency server 1 superimposes (pastes) a stamp image on the stamp display area of the stamp card image. For example, , the travel agency server 1 generates a stamp card image for display by superimposing (pasting) a stamp image on the stamp display area of the stamp card image, sends response information including the data of the generated card image for display to the terminal device 3-j, and then sends the response information to the terminal device 3-j. The terminal device 3-j may be configured to display the display card image included in the response information received by the terminal device 3-j. 
According to the above characteristic configuration, for example, , even in the case of adopting a construction method in which a plurality of decorative covers forming a piping arrangement passageway are installed in advance along a piping arrangement route between a planned indoor unit installation position and a planned outdoor unit installation position, by installing a blocking element in a decorative cover corresponding to a specific position such as the outermost end suitable for pest control or odor control, etc. in the arrangement passageway connecting the outdoor side to the indoor side constituted by connecting the plurality of decorative covers, a blocking element can be installed in the decorative cover. Even when a construction method in which multiple decorative covers are pre-installed to form a piping distribution route along the piping distribution route between the planned locations of piping installation is adopted, the intrusion of harmful insects and the inflow of foul odors can be controlled by installing a barrier in the decorative cover corresponding to a specific position such as the outermost edge suitable for insect control and odor control, among the distribution routes connecting the outside to the inside of the room that are formed by the connection of the multiple decorative covers. 
The straight joint cover A3 is selectively fitted with a cosmetic cover blocker B that closes or nearly closes the passageway R of the straight joint cover A3. The blocker B for the cosmetic cover has a contour shape identical or similar to the cross-sectional contour shape of the specific part of the inner surface of the straight joint cover A3 where the restriction pieces 3D, 4D are formed. The blocker B for the cosmetic cover is provided with a blocker 6 made of elastically deformable synthetic resin (e.g., , polypropylene foam foamed into a board shape) or paper, which is configured in a contour shape identical or close to the contour shape of the section where the restriction pieces 3D, 4D, which are specific portions of the inner circumference of the linear joint cover A3, are formed. A3, or the other side of the connection port, by engaging with the control pieces 3D, 4D located on one side of the connection port. The shutoff body 6 is provided with a posture maintaining means 7 that maintains the shutoff body 6 in the shutoff posture by engaging with the regulatory pieces 3D, 4D located on the one connection port side or the other connection port side of the straight joint cover A3. 
In a lid opening/closing device installed in the interior of an automobile, for example, the entire opened lid is tucked away from the design surface of the center console or other front surface in a  horizontal position, so that the lid does not get in the way and is not visible when the lid is open. There is also a desire to improve the design by creating a flat surface. 
In the quaternary ammonium-containing modifying group of component (A) in the above first invention, the type of functional group chemically bonded to the carboxyl group of glucuronic acid is not particularly limited, for example, . It can be an amino group, etc., but it is more preferred that this functional group is a hydroxyl group, as in the second invention. 
In the quaternary ammonium-containing modifying group of component (A) in the above first invention, the type of functional group chemically bonded to the carboxyl group of glucuronic acid is not particularly limited, for example, . It can be an amino group, etc., but it is more preferred that this functional group is a hydroxyl group, as in the second invention. 
The microbial cultures used in the present invention are not limited in any way to those cultures obtained by using methods that can efficiently culture the above microorganisms, such as , liquid culture, solid culture, or a combination thereof, using the following media. 
This lipoxygenase inhibitor is a 5-hydroperoxy-6,8,10,1 4-eicosatetraenoic acid (5-HPETE) and other arachidonic acid metabolites, and can be used as a preventive and therapeutic agent for diseases caused by arachidonic acid metabolites, such as , allergic diseases, inflammation, and asthma. 
The extraction solvent for obtaining the plant extracts used in the present invention should be selected in consideration of the intended use, type, or subsequent processing of the product to be served. -For example, the following materials can be selected for use: , water; lower monovalent alcohols such as methyl alcohol and ethyl alcohol; glycerin, propylene glycol-1,3-butylene glycol -Liquid polyhydric alcohols such as methyl alcohol, ethyl alcohol, etc.; ketones such as acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, etc.; alkyl esters such as ethyl acetate, etc.; hydrocarbons such as benzene, hexane, etc.; ethers such as diethyl ether, etc.; and diethylene glycol, etc. ethers such as diethyl ether; hydrocarbons such as benzene and hexane; and halogenated alkanes such as dichloromethane and chloroform, etc., can be used after extraction and purification. 
The NF-κB activation inhibitor of the present invention is expected to be effective in preventing and improving various diseases and functional decline accompanying inflammation, as well as various symptoms associated with photoaging of the skin, such as  pigmentation Since the agent is expected to prevent and improve various symptoms associated with photoaging of the skin, such as pigmentation, wrinkles, sagging, etc., it is expected to be applied to all forms of formulations, including topical compositions, pharmaceutical compositions, quasi-drug compositions, and others. 
The types of bioactive ingredients that can be included in the eyebrow cosmetic are not limited, but include, for example, , anti-inflammatory agents, anti-allergic agents, antioxidants, hormonal agents, antibacterial agents, hair growth agents, hair restorers, whitening agents, wrinkle removal/relief agents, skin barrier strengthening and skin moisturizing enhancers and exfoliating enzymes. 
By using the eyebrow cosmetic, for example, , the film formed by applying the eyebrow pigment on top of the eyebrow pigment prevents the eyebrow pigment from losing its makeup due to sweat or sebum. 
When the hair cosmetic of the present invention is, for example,  a rinse-in shampoo, it can be prepared by adding the oil phase containing (A) component to part of the aqueous phase, mixing the two to make them uniform, and then adding the remaining aqueous phase and mixing. 
Nonionic polymer compounds include, for example, , pectin, guar gum, locust bean gum, gelatin, and tragalanth gum as natural polymer compounds, polyvinyl alcohol, polyvinyl methyl ether, polyvinyl pyrrolidone, synthetic polymer compounds, polyvinyl methylcellulose, ethylcellulose, hydroxymethylcellulose, hydroxyethylcellulose, hydroxypropylcellulose, hydroxypropylmethylcellulose, polyethylene glycol, polyethylene oxide, etc. 
Anionic surfactants include, for example, , alkyl sulfonates, alkyl sulfates, acylated amino acid salts, polyoxyethylene alkyl ether sulfates, alkyl benzene sulfonates, N-acyl -N-methyl taurine salts, alpha-olefin sulfonates, higher fatty acid ester sulfonates, alkyl ether acetates, polyoxyethylene alkyl ether acetates, fatty acid saponics, and alkyl phosphates, and others. 
More detailed descriptions of surfactants suitable for this purpose can be found, for example, in , " McCutcheon 'sDeter gentsandEmulsifiersAnnual " ( MCPublishingCorp. Ridgewood, NewJersey. NewJersey, New Jersey. 1998), " Tensid- Taschenbucw , 2nd ed. HanserVerlag Vienna, 198 1) and "E ncyclopaediaofSurfactants ChemicalPublishingCo. ChemicalPublishingCo. (ChemicalPublishingCo., NewYork, 1981). (ChemicalPublishingCo., NewYork, 1981). 
In particular, in addition to the aforementioned ingredients, the formulation can contain other agents customary in the art relevant to the type of formulation in question, e.g., , those suitable for oral administration can contain flavoring agents. 
Standard synthesis techniques such as azeotropic and anhydrous reaction conditions for reaction by-products (e.g., , inert gas environment) are common in the field and will be applied where applicable. 
By way of non-limiting example, cells useful for detection of BoNT/A activity by the methods disclosed herein include primary or established non-neuronal cells containing exogenous FGFR3, such as , chromaffinity cells containing exogenous FGFR3 or pancreatic gland cell; primary neurons containing exogenous FGFR3. 
Test compounds that can bind strongly to FGFR3 and can compete with the H chain for FGFR3 binding (e.g., , the method described in this section) are candidate compounds for the development of antidotes for acute botulinum toxicity. 
Inorganic oxides include, for example, , zinc oxide, iron oxide, copper oxide, lanthanum oxide, titanium oxide, cobalt oxide, zirconium oxide, magnesium oxide, beryllium oxide, nickel oxide, chromium oxide, scandium oxide, cadmium oxide, indium oxide, oxide Metal oxides of single metals such as tin, manganese oxide, vanadium oxide, cerium oxide, aluminum oxide, and silicon oxide; zinc, iron, copper, lanthanum, titanium, cobalt, zirconium, magnesium, beryllium, nickel, chromium, scandium, cadmium, indium, tin, manganese, Composite oxides of two or more metals selected from the group consisting of vanadium, cerium, aluminum, silicon, etc., zeolites (e.g., , ZSM -5, etc.), mesoporous silicate (e.g., , MCM-4 1, etc.), natural minerals such as clay, diatomaceous earth, pumice, etc. can be used. <END_TEMPLATE>These can be mixed together as needed. Preferred among these are metal oxides such as silica, alumina, titania, zirconia, magnesia, and composite metal oxides such as silica-alumina, titania-silica, silica-magnesia. 
Carbohydrates include, for example, fruit juice, honey, waste molasses, sugar cane, palatinose, trehalose, sofolose, turanose, laminaribiose, nigerose, cellobiose, xylobiose, leuculose, gentiobiose, melobiose, and Rutinose, primverose, bissianose, rovinose, N-acetylglucosamine, galacturonic acid, mannose, xylose, arabinose, glucuronic acid, glucosamine, sucrose, dextrose, fructose, lactose, brown sugar, red sugar, triturated sugar, granulated sugar, maltose, arabinose, galactose, sorbitol, and glycerin. 
In order to solve the above problem, the inventors have made a diligent study and found that by using α-Yonone, a mixture of optical isomers, as a raw material, it is possible to react it with an esterifying agent and hydrolyze the resulting α-Yonone enol ester, in particular By hydrolyzing enantioselectively or by asymmetric reduction and then reacting with an esterifying agent to isolate at least one of the diastereomers of the resulting ester, which is a mixture of  diastereomers, for example, and by hydrolyzing the resulting ester, the yield and We have found that the desired optically active α-Yonone can be obtained in good asymmetric yield, at low cost, with good workability and in a short process, and we have completed this invention. 
The optical purity of optically active α-Yonone enol esters is higher than that of α-Yonone, which is a mixture of optical isomers used as a raw material, and the optical purity of the α-Yonone enol ester is For example, , 1 to 99% e.e., preferably 5 to 9 9 % e.e., more preferably from 10 to 99 % e.e., and from 1 to 99 % e.e., more preferably from 10 to 99 % e.e. e.g., optical purity selected from the range of 1 to 99% e.g., preferably 5 to 9 % e.g., more preferably 10 to 99% e.g., or optical purity that is substantially 100% e.g., as appropriate. 
Alkylene groups include, for example,  alkylene groups with 1 to 10 carbons, specific examples of which are methylene, ethylene, trimethylene, tetramethylene, pentamethylene, hexamethylene, heptamethylene, octamethylene, nonamethylene, decamethylene, and propylene groups. Pentamethylene, hexamethylene, heptamethylene, octamethylene, nonamethylene, decamethylene, propylene groups, etc. 
The above transition metal complexes used in the present invention can be produced using known methods, e.g., , by reacting a chiral ligand with a transition metal complex precursor. .
In the case of asymmetric hydrogenation reactions in the presence of hydrogen-donating substances, the hydrogen-donating substances include organic and/or inorganic compounds, any of which can donate hydrogen in the reaction system, for example, by  thermal action or catalysis  any compound that is capable of donating hydrogen by thermal or catalytic action 
The optical purity of the optically active α-Yonone obtained by oxidation is, for example, , 1-99% e.e., preferably 5-99% e.e., more preferably 10-9% e.e., more preferably 10-9% e.e., more preferably 10-9% e.e., and more preferably 10-9% e.e. Preferably, the optical purity is from 5 to 99% e.e., more preferably from 10 to 9 9 % e.e., or optical purity that is substantially 100 % e.e. The optical purity of the product is substantially 100% e.g.. 
Oxidation can be performed by conventional methods, e.g., , using a compound that can be used as an oxidant as a catalyst for the oxidation reaction. .
For example, , liquid, solid, powder, gel, mist, aerosol, or other formulations may be selected as appropriate. .
On the other hand, similar to the principle of the feed table jaw for loading steel pipes in cold-pilger rolling, an improved cosmetic pencil is disclosed in, for example, Publication No. 11-13-7335 (Patent Document 1). No. 7335 (Patent Document 1), for example, as an improved cosmetic pencil, in which the tip of the lead is not held by the fingertip, but by a knocking operation and the backward movement of the spring caused by the knocking operation. The method of using a rubber packing for holding and feeding the lead, which enables the lead to move not only forward but also backward by the forward operation of the knock and the backward pressure of the spring caused by the knock, without being held by the fingertip at the tip of the lead, is proposed. 
The above embodiments are examples in which the cosmetic elements 52 are aligned vertically in the longitudinal direction and arranged side by side in the apparent direction, as shown in , Fig. 8, and Fig. 9, for example, the cosmetic elements 54 can be aligned vertically with the longitudinal direction of the cosmetic elements 54 along the direction of the viewer. 
The process of dispersing phospholipids in a protein-containing aqueous solution can be carried out by ordinary methods known in the art, e.g., , dispersion via a stirring process. 
Flexibility can also be morphologically altered by adding, for example,  specific ridges, grooves, holes, etc. to the sheet support. 
Another possible way to achieve increased flexibility is to change the material properties of the sheet-like support from the mouth end to the holding end, at least over the lip product area, by, for example, changing the content of  filler, etc. or adding a reinforcing material such as a fiber system to the sheet-like support material. The material properties of the sheet-like support are changed from the mouth end to the holding end at least over the area of the product for lips. 
In addition to Tie2 activators, the lymphatic vessel stabilizers of the present invention may contain, for example, , excipients, humectants, preservatives, strengthening agents, thickening agents, emulsifiers, antioxidants, sweeteners, acidifiers, flavorings, colorants, fragrances, etc. normally used in foods and drugs, whitening agents normally used in cosmetics Whitening agents, moisturizers, oil-based ingredients, UV absorbers, surfactants, thickeners, alcohols, powder ingredients, colorants, aqueous ingredients, water, various skin nutrients, etc., which are commonly used in cosmetics, can be blended as needed. 
Furthermore, when the lymphatic vessel stabilizers of the present invention are used as topical skin preparations, they may contain auxiliary agents customarily used in topical skin preparations, such as  disodium edetate, trisodium edetate, sodium citrate, sodium polyphosphate, sodium metaphosphate, metal sequestering agents such as gluconic acid Caffeine, tannins, verapamil, tranexamic acid and its derivatives, licorice extract, glabridine, hot water extract of quince fruit, various herbal medicines, drugs such as tocopherol acetate, glycyrrhizic acid and its derivatives or its salts, vitamin C, ascorbic acid phosphate magnesium, ascorbic acid glucoside, arbutin, kojic acid and other whitening agents, glucose, fructose, mannose, sucrose, trehalose and other sugars, retinoic acid, retinol, retinol acetate, retinol palmitate and other vitamin A may also be added as needed. 
In addition to the above ingredients, the oil-in-water makeup cosmetic contains other ingredients normally used in cosmetics, such as , propylene glycol, 1,3-butylene glycol, 1,3-butylene glycol, 1,3-butylene glycol, polyethylene glycol, etc. Glycols such as propylene glycol, 1,3-butylene glycol, dipropylene glycol, polyethylene glycol, glycerol such as glycerin, diglycerin, polyglycerin, preservatives such as UV absorbers, paraoxibenzoic acid derivatives, phenoxyethanol, vitamins, moisturizers, antioxidants, beauty ingredients, fragrances, etc. The product may be blended as needed to the extent that the effects of the present invention are not impaired. 
The method of producing the transparent aqueous composition of the present invention is not particularly limited, but may include, for example, , dissolving component (a) in component (b), mixing it with components (c) to (d) as needed, and dispersing it in water. (d), and dispersing them in water as needed. 
Conventionally, for example, , floors have been wiped wet using cloth rags or disposable rags or stick rags with various absorbent materials attached such as rags, rags, sponges, etc. In addition, absorbent mats have been laid in washrooms and other areas that get wet with water, etc. beforehand to prevent floors from getting wet   <end_template 
In the present invention, the absorbent is composed of, for example, , a first absorbent paper layer section, a second absorbent paper layer section, and a second absorbent paper layer section between said first and second absorbent paper layer sections, and is composed of 7 mm or less, preferably The first absorbent paper layer, the second absorbent paper layer, and the first and second absorbent paper layers are provided between the first and second absorbent paper layers, and the first and second absorbent paper layers. The first absorbent paper layer, the absorbent material layer, and the second absorbent paper layer are combined and formed as a single unit, so that the absorbent can be manufactured relatively inexpensively and water adhering to the absorbent can be absorbed in a relatively short time. The absorbent can be placed on the floor and the absorbent absorbs water drops falling on the floor, but in any case, the surface of the absorbent can remain relatively dry after absorption, and the floor can be prevented from getting wet. 
When formulated in cosmetic compositions, the cationic modified psyllium seed gum of the present invention has good adsorption to hair and skin, excellent foaming, good foam quality, good salt resistance, and good water retention properties, and is an excellent ingredient for cosmetic compositions, for example, . When formulated into hair treatment compositions, it improves flexibility and texture, and when formulated into skin cosmetic compositions, e.g., <START_TEMPLATE>body detergents, it does not remove more oil and fat components of the skin than necessary. Therefore, the invention also relates to these cosmetic compositions containing the cationic modified psyllium seed gum of the aforementioned invention. 
In addition to the above essential ingredients, the topical skin care agents of the present invention may contain ingredients normally used in topical skin care agents such as cosmetics, quasi drugs, and pharmaceuticals, such as , powders, surfactants, oils, water-soluble polymers, alcohols, gelling agents, film-forming agents, resins, UV absorbing agents, moisturizers, pH regulators, preservatives, antibacterial agents, fragrances, antioxidants, metal sequestering agents, colorants, and beauty agents, etc., to the extent that the effects of the present invention are not impaired. pH adjusters, preservatives, antibacterial agents, fragrances, antioxidants, metal sequestering agents, coloring agents, beauty agents, etc. may be included to the extent that they do not impair the effects of the invention. 
where the quantity characteristics include, for example, , at least one of the following per article information in the information to be viewed: average number of comments, average number of links, average number of reciprocal links, and update frequency of the information to be viewed. 
Such an evaluation could, for example, allow for the selection of , specific products (consumer goods such as PCs, home appliances, automobiles, food, cosmetics, luxury goods, housing-related products, etc.), services (travel, accommodations, restaurants, events, theme parks, transportation, TV programs, finance, insurance), or by specifying these brands as targets, you can select blog sites that are influential for these targets in order of influence. 
Therefore, even when subjected to vibrations from, for example, , earthquakes, etc., the load applied to the load bearing support brackets and the load due to earthquakes, etc., are widely distributed through the aforementioned contact plate and tubular reinforcement member, and are thus transmitted to the ALC face material. This means that the load on the exterior wall material of the building can be held securely for a long period of time without causing damage to the ALC face material. This can prevent the exterior wall material from shifting and falling down. 
For example, , microspheres can be prepared according to the method described in patent application EP0375520. .
Emulsifiers that can be used in the present invention include, for example, , glyceryl stearate, polysorbate 60, and the commercially available Tefose (registered trademark) 63 trade name from Gattefosse, Inc. PEG-6/PEG-32/glycol stearate mixtures can be mentioned. 
The area to be treated can be, for example, , and non-limitatively, the scalp, eyebrows, mustache and/or beard, and any area of skin covered with hair. 
For example, representative TDFRP sequences based on, but not limited to, the permutations of , SEQIDNO:2, identified herein as SEQIDNO:3-254, are listed in Tables 4-9 below. 
The first TDFRP domain (TDFRP1, i.e., TDF-related polypeptide 1) is covalently linked to a linker molecule at the C-terminus, N-terminus, or any position with a functionalizable side chain, e.g., via , lysine or aspartic acid which is then covalently linked to the N-terminus of the second TDFRP domain (TDFRP2). 
The first TDFRP domain (TDFRP1, i.e., TDF-related polypeptide 1) is covalently linked to a linker molecule at the C-terminus, N-terminus, or any position with a functionalizable side chain, e.g., via , lysine or aspartic acid which is then covalently linked to the N-terminus of the second TDFRP domain (TDFRP2). 
In typical compound/receptor binding assays useful in the practice of the invention, purified reference compounds with known quantifiable affinity for a preselected receptor are labeled with a detectable portion, e.g., , radiolabel, dye-forming label, or fluorescence (e.g., , see TenDijkeetal.(1994)Science264:101-103, this disclosure is incorporated herein by reference).  Aliquots of purified receptors, receptor binding domain fragments, or cells expressing the receptor of interest on their surface are incubated with the labeled compound in the presence of various concentrations of unlabeled compound. 
For administration by inhalation, the compounds of the invention are delivered in the form of an aerosol spray from a pressurized container or dispenser equipped with an appropriate spraying agent, e.g., , a gas such as carbon dioxide, or a sprayer. 
Libraries of compounds can be grown in solution (e.g., , Houghten,1992.Biotechniques13:412-421), or on beads (Lam,1991.Nature354:82-84), on chips (Fodor,1993. Nature364:555-556), bacteria (Ladner,U.S.Patent No.5,223,409), spores (Ladner,U.S.Patent No.5,233,409), plasmids (Cull,etal.,1992.Proc.Natl.Acad.Sci.USA89:1865-1869) or on phage (ScottandSmith,1990.Science249:386-390;Devlin,1990.Science249:404-406;Cwirla,etal. 6382;Felici,1991.J.MoI.Biol.222:301-310;Ladner,U.S.Patent No.5,233,409). 
A variety of stents and catheters may be used within the context of the invention, including, for example, , esophageal stents, vascular stents, bile duct stents, pancreatic stents, ureteral and urethral stents, tear duct stents, Eustachiana duct stents, Fallopian duct stents, and tracheal/bronchial stents, vascular catheters, and urinary catheters. 
Diseases caused by, supported by, or associated with angiogenesis include: ocular neovascular disease, age-related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, retinopathy of prematurity, corneal transplant rejection, neovascular glaucoma, posterior lens fibroproliferative disease, epidemic keratoconjunctivitis, vitamin A deficiency contact lens overwear, atopic keratitis, conjunctivitis of the upper ring, pterygium dry keratitis, Sjögren's disease, acne verrucosa, phylectenulosis, syphilis, mycobacterial infection, lipid degeneration, chemical burns, chemicalbums chemicalbums), bacterial ulcers, fungal ulcers, herpes simplex virus infection, herpeszoster infection, protozoan infection, Kaposi's sarcoma, Moren's ulcer, Terrien's marginal degeneration, marginal keratolysis, rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus, polyarteritis trauma, Wegener's sarcoidosis, scleritis, Steven'sJohnson disease, periphigoid, radial keratotomy, corneal transplant rejection, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis chronic inflammation (e.g., , ulcerative arthritis chronic inflammation, ulcerative arthritis chronic inflammation (e.g., , ulcerative arthritis chronic inflammation, ulcerative arthritis chronic inflammation), and other chronic inflammatory diseases (e.g., ulcerative arthritis chronic inflammation). template>, ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease), hemangiomas, Osler-Weber-Rendu disease, and hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia. 
The subject method can also be used in the treatment of homeopathy characterized by corneal epithelial cell proliferation, for example, , in ocular epithelial disorders, such as subepithelial growth or squamous cell carcinoma on the ocular surface, or to prevent corneal epithelialization, such as after LASIK procedures It can be used. 
For example, , the peptides utilized as active ingredients in the present invention promote the proliferation of keratinocytes, induce increased synthesis of procollagen, fibronectin and laminin from these cells, regenerate or grow the stratum corneum, epithelial and dermal layers of the skin, and improve wrinkles, improve It improves skin elasticity, prevents skin aging, improves skin moisturizing, removes scars, has a skin regenerating effect, and regenerates oral cells. 
If the dosage form of the invention is a solution or emulsion, solvents, dissolving or emulsifying agents are utilized as carrier components, such as , water, ethanol, isopropanol, ethyl carbonate, ethyl acetate, benzyl alcohol, benzyl benzoate, benzyl benzoate propylene glycol, 1,3-butyl glycol oil, glycerol aliphatic esters, polyethylene glycol, or fatty acid esters of sorbitan. 
In addition to the peptides and carrier ingredients as active ingredients, the ingredients in the cosmetic compositions of the present invention include ingredients normally utilized in cosmetic compositions, but may include, for example, , antioxidants, stabilizers, dissolving agents, vitamins, pigments, and usual auxiliary agents such as fragrances . 
The target diseases of the topical skin products of the invention are, for example,  skin diseases such as atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, photosensitive dermatitis, chronic dermatitis of the hands and feet, seborrheic dermatitis, nummular dermatitis, generalized exfoliative dermatitis, stasis dermatitis, localized abrasive dermatitis, drug-induced dermatitis or psoriasis The following are examples of such dermatitis. 
According to claim 5, for example,  information explaining the installation procedure (explanatory text and diagrams) can be printed on the sheet material to further facilitate the installation process. 
Smectite clay is used, for example, in , all with the name of the applicant being Procter & Gamble, Inc. Procter & GambleCompany GambleCompany U.S. Patent Nos. 3,862,058, 3,948,790, 3,954,954, and 3,948,790 of the Procter & Gamble Company. U.S. Patent Nos. 3,862,058, 3,948,790, 3,954,632, and 4,066,632. No. 3,954,632, and No. 4,062,647, and U.S. Patent No. No. 3,948,790, No. 3,954,632, and No. 4,062,647, and EP-A-299,575 No. 3,948,790, No. 3,954,632, and No. 4,062,647, and EP-A-299,299 No. 3,954,632, and No. 4,062,647, and EP-A-299,575, and EP-A-33,146. 
The c-kit receptor can also be constitutively activated by mutations that lead to abnormal cell proliferation and the development of diseases such as mastocytosis (D816V mutation) and various cancers, e.g., GIST (c-kit△27, juxtamembraneletion). can be constitutively activated. 
Here, for the first time, the inventors provide an inhibitor of Flt3ITD to treat, for example, 30-35% of AML patients who exhibit this mutation. 
Many different compounds have been described as tyrosine kinase inhibitors, e.g., , bis-monocyclic, bicyclic or heterocyclic aryl compounds (WO92/20642), vinylene-azaindole derivatives (WO94/14808), 1-cyclopropyl-4-pyridyl -quinolone (US5,330,992), styryl compounds (US5,217,999), styryl-substituted pyridyl compounds (US5,302,606), selenoindole and selenide (WO94/03427), tricyclic polyhydroxy compounds (WO92/21660), benzyl phosphonic acid compounds (WO91/15495), pyrimidine derivatives (US5,521,184 and WO99/03854), indolinone derivatives and pyrrole substituted indolinones (US5,792,783, EP934931, US5,834,504, US5,883,116, US5,883, 113, US5,886,020, WO96/40116 and WO00/38519), and bis-monocyclic, bicyclic aryl and heteroaryl compounds (EP584222, US5,656,643 and WO92/20642), quinazoline derivatives (EP602851, EP 520722, US3,772,295 and US4,343,940) and aryl and heteroaryl quinazolines (US5,721,237, US5,714,493, US5,710,158 and WO95/15758). 
In addition, a surfactant can be included in the composition so that compounds that can reduce mast cells, e.g.,  tyrosine kinase inhibitors, preferably c-kit and/or inhibitors, can penetrate more deeply into the composition. 
More particularly, the present invention is directed to a method for treating diseases selected from autoimmune diseases, allergic diseases, osteoporosis, cancer, e.g., , leukemia and GIST, tumor angiogenesis, inflammatory diseases, inflammatory colitis (IBD), interstitial cystitis, mastocytosis, infectious diseases, metabolic disorders, fibrosis, diabetes and CNS diseases. 
In one preferred aspect, the invention includes the step of administering the compounds set forth herein to a human or mammal in need of treatment, particularly dogs and cats, for neoplastic diseases, such as  mastocytosis, canine mast cell tumors, fulfilling tumors, human gastrointestinal stromal tumors ("GIST") small cell lung cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, acute myelogenous leukemia, acute lymphocytic leukemia, myelodysplastic syndrome, chronic myelogenous leukemia, colorectal cancer, gastric cancer, gastrointestinal stromal tumor, testicular cancer, glioblastoma, and astrocytoma. 
In one other preferred aspect, the invention includes the step of administering the compounds set forth herein to humans or mammals, particularly dogs and cats, in need of treatment, for allergic diseases, such as  asthma, allergic rhinitis, allergic sinusitis, anaphylaxis syndrome, urticaria, angioedema, atopic dermatitis, allergic contact dermatitis, erythema nodosum, erythema multiforme, necrotizing vesiculitis of the skin and insect bite skin inflammation and blood-sucking parasite infection. 
In yet another preferred aspect of the invention, the invention relates to a method for treating inflammatory diseases, e.g., , rheumatoid arthritis, conjunctivitis, rheumatoid spondylitis, osteoarthritis, gouty arthritis and other arthritic conditions, comprising the step of administering the compounds specified herein to a human in need of treatment , rheumatoid arthritis, conjunctivitis, rheumatoid spondylitis, osteoarthritis, gouty arthritis and other arthritic conditions. 
In yet another preferred aspect of the invention, the invention includes the step of administering the compounds specified herein to humans in need of treatment for autoimmune diseases, such as , multiple sclerosis, psoriasis, intestinal inflammatory diseases, ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, rheumatoid arthritis and polyarthritis, for example Methods for treating localized and systemic scleroderma, systemic lupus erythematosus, discoid lupus erythematosus, cutaneous lupus, dermatomyositis, polymyositis, Sjogren's syndrome, panarteritis nodosa, autoimmune bowel disease, and proliferative glomerulonephritis. 
In the annular gap S between the rectangular inner surface E1a and the rack C for long body placement inserted into it, for example, , a filler material support The gap S between the inner circumferential surface E1a and the rack C for installing the long body inserted therein is filled and supported with heat-resistant filler G by means of a metal fitting (not shown). 
The rack C for installing long objects in this embodiment is a trestle on which a long object D, e.g., , and a number of wire cables are carried, and this rack C consists of a pair of symmetrically arranged side plates C1, C1 and a pair of side plates C1, C1, which are connected between them and used for installing long objects. C1, C1 and a pair of symmetrically arranged side plates C1, C1, and a pier connecting these side plates C1, C1 and on which a long body D is placed. D is placed on it. 
Said decorative laminate 1 is, for example, , made of calcium silicate and consisting of a pair of left and right side panels C1, C 1Aa, 1Ba are located at the outer side positions of said rack C. The laminate 1 consists of a plurality of split laminate bodies 1 A, 1B are located at the outer side positions of the left and right pairs of side panels C1, C1 of said rack C. 
Alkylene oxide derivatives used in this invention include, for example, , POB(25) POE (34) dimethyl dimerdiol ether, POB (25) (25) POE (35) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (4) POE (35) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, and POB (4) POE (13)  (52) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (18) POE (41) dimethyl dimeradiol ether POE (41) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (18) POE (41) diethyl dimeradiol ether POB (18) POE (41) diethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (18) POE (41) diethyl dimeradiol ether POB (18) POE (4) (1) Dipropyl dimerdiol ether, POB (18) POE (41) dibutyl dimerdiol ether POE (41) dibutyl dimerziol ether, POB (11) POE (30) dibutyl dimerziol ether (11) POE (30) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (15) POE (30) dimethyl dimeradiol ether POB (15) POE (4) dimethyl dimeradiol ether (5) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (18) POE (50) dimethyl dimeradiol ether POE (50) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (21) POE (56) dimethyl dimeradiol ether (21) POE (56) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (12) POE (56) dimethyl dimeradiol ether POB (12) POE (5) (0) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (18) POE (61) dimethyl dimeradiol ether POE (61) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (3) POE (40) dimethyl dimeradiol ether (3) POE (40) dimethyl-dimethyl-dimethyl-dimethyl-dimethyl-dimethyl-dimethyl-dimethyl-dimethyl-dimethyl-dimethyl-iodine ether POB (6) POE (82) POB (6) POE (82) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (40) POE (120) dimethyl dimeradiol ether (120) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (10) POE (40) dimethyl dimeradiol ether (0) POE (40) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POB (10) POE (40) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POE (35) POP (35) POP (35) dimethyl dimeradiol ether POE (35) POP (3) (0) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, POE (52) POP (30) dimethyl dimeradiol ether, etc. are examples. 
Quaternary ammonium salts include, for example, , cetyltrimethylammonium chloride, stearyltrimethylammonium chloride, behenyltrimethylammonium chloride, behenyldimethylhydroxyethylammonium chloride, behenyl stearyl dimethyl benzyl ammonium chloride, and cetyltriethyl ammonium methyl sulfate are examples. 
The above amidoamine compounds include, for example, , diethylaminoethylamide stearate, dimethylaminoethylamide stearate, diethylaminoethylamide palmitate, dimethylaminoethylamide palmitate, myristic acid Diethylaminoethylamide, Dimethylaminoethyl myristate, Diethylaminoethyl behenate, Dimethylaminoethyl behenate, Diethylaminopropyl stearate, Dimethylaminopropyl stearate, Palmitic acid diethylaminopropylamide, dimethylaminopropylamide palmitate, diethylaminopropylamide myristate, dimethylaminopropylamide myristate, diethylaminopropylamide behenic acid, dimethylaminopropylamide behenic acid, etc. 
Proteins (including derivatives and hydrolysates) used in the present invention include, but are not limited to, , keratin and its hydrolysates obtained from wool and human hair, silk protein and its silylated compounds, extracts from soy, wheat, starch, and barley, milk proteins, collagen and its hydrolyzed products, partially hydrolyzed chitin, hydrolyzed silk, etc., but not limited to these. 
Liquid oils and fats include, for example, , avocado oil, camellia oil, turtle oil, macadamia nut oil corn oil, mink oil, olive oil, rape seed oil, egg yolk oil, sesame oil, Persic oil, wheat germ oil, sasanqua oil, castor oil, horsebean oil, safflower oil, cotton seed oil, eno oil, soybean oil, peanut oil, tea seed oil, kaya oil, rice nuka oil, chinese giri oil, japan kiri oil, jojoba oil, embryo bud oil triglycerin, etc. are examples of such oils. 
Solid fats and oils include, for example, , cocoa fat, coconut oil, horse fat, hardened coconut oil, palm oil, beef fat, sheep fat, hardened beef fat, palm kernel oil, pork fat, beef bone fat, mokuro kernel oil, hardened oil, beef leg fat, mokuro, hardened castor oil. 
Solvents include, for example, , beeswax, candelilla wax, cotton wax, carnauba wax, bayberry wax, warty wax, whale wax, montan wax, nucarow, lanolin, capok wax, lanolin acetate, liquid lanolin, sugar cane wax, lanolin fatty acid isopropyl, hexyl laurate, reduced lanolin, jojoba wax, hard lanolin, serac wax, POE lanolin alcohol ether, POE POE lanolin alcohol acetate, POE cholesterol ether, lanolin fatty acid polyethylene glycol POE hydrogenated lanolin alcohol ether, etc. are examples. 
Examples of hydrocarbon oils include , liquid paraffin, ozokerite, squalane, pristane, paraffin, selenin, squalene, vaseline, and microcrystalline wax. .
Higher fatty acids include, for example, , lauric acid, myristic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid, behenic acid, oleic acid, undecylenic acid toric acid, isostearic acid, linoleic acid, linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and others. 
Moisturizers include, for example, , propylene glycol, glycerin, 1,3-butylene glycol, xylitol, sorbitol, maltitol, chondroitin sulfate, hyaluronic acid, mucoidin sulfate, caronic acid, atelocollagen, cholesteryl-12-hydroxystearate, sodium lactate, bile salts, and cholesterol. hyaluronic acid, mucoitin sulfate, caroninic acid, atelocollagen, cholesteryl-12-hydroxystearate, sodium lactate, bile salt, DL-pyrrolidonecarboxylic acid DL-pyrrolidone carboxylate, short-chain soluble collagens, diglycerol (EO) PO adduct, Izayoi rosea extract, Sawtooth violet extract, Merillot extract, etc. 
Thickening agents include, for example, , gum arabic, carrageenan, carrageenan gum, tragacanth gum, carob gum, quinceside (marumelo), casein, dextrin, gelatin, sodium pectate, sodium alaginate Methylcellulose, Ethylcellulose, CMC, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Hydroxypropylcellulose, PVA PVM, PVP, sodium polyacrylate, carboxy vinyl polymer, locust bean gum, guar gum, tamarind gum guar gum, tamarind gum, dialkyl dimethyl ammonium cellulose sulfate, xanthan gum, magnesium aluminum silicate, bentonite, hectorite, AlMg silicate ( bee gum), laponite, silicic anhydride, and others. 
Metal ion sequestering agents include, for example, , 1-hydroxyethane-1,1-diphosphonic acid, tetrasodium 1-hydroxyethane-1,1-diphosphonic acid tetrasodium salt, disodium edetate, trisodium edetate, tetrasodium edetate sodium citrate, sodium citrate, sodium polyphosphate, sodium metaphosphate, gluconic acid, phosphoric acid, citric acid, ascorbic acid, succinic acid, edetic acid, trisodium ethylene diamine hydroxyethyl triacetate, etc. 
Examples of lower alcohols include , ethanol, propanol, isopropanol, isobutyl alcohol, t-butyl alcohol, etc. .
Oligosaccharides include, for example, , sucrose, gncianose, umbelliferose, lactose, planteose, isoricnose, α,α-trehalose, raffinose, and Lactose, planteose, isoricnose, α,α-trehalose, raffinose, ricinose, umbilicin, stachyose verbascose, etc. are examples. 
Polysaccharides include, for example, , cellulose, quinces seed, starch, galactan, dermatan sulfate, glycogen, gum arabic, heparan sulfate-tragacanth gum, keratan sulfate, chondroitin, xanthan gum, gua gum, and dextran, keratosulfate, locust bean gum, succinoglucan, and others. 
Organic amines include, for example, , monoethanolamine, diethanolamine triethanolamine, morpholine triisopropanolamine, 2-amino- 2-methyl-1,3-propanediol, 2-amino 2-amino-2-methyl-1-propanol, 2-amino-2-methyl-1-propanol, etc. 
Polymer emulsions include, for example, , acrylic resin emulsion, polyacrylic acid ethyl emulsion, acrylic resin solution, polyacrylic alkyl ester emulsion, polyvinyl acetate resin emulsion, and natural rubber latex. 
As pH adjusters, buffers such as , lactic acid - sodium lactate, citric acid - sodium citrate, succinic acid - sodium succinate, etc. sodium succinate, succinate-sodium succinate, and other buffers. 
Antioxidant auxiliaries include , phosphoric acid, citric acid, ascorbic acid, maleic acid, malonic acid, succinic acid, fumaric acid, kefarin, hexametaphosphate, phytic acid, ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid, etc. 
By the way, bath units without a bathtub pan, as shown in Fig. 9, for example, have a drain drain port 49 on the underside of the end of the through-wall fitting 4' to drain water to the washing area. 9 on the underside of the end of the through-wall fitting 4' to drain drain water to the washing area, as shown in Figure 9. In this type, the end opening 4a of the through-wall fitting 4' is covered by a cosmetic cover 9. 
The above mentioned embodiment describes a drainage structure for drainage of drain water generated from equipment installed at the ceiling position of the bath unit, but it can be widely applied, for example, to a structure for drainage of drain water from equipment located behind the walls of a  bath unit. 
Water-soluble iotacarrageenan having the above properties (1) to (3) is commercially available, for example, "Gelrich [trademark] No. 3" manufactured by Saneigen F.F.I. Co. No. 3" manufactured by Saneigen F.F.I. Co. 
Specifically, for example, , cosmetics having an appearance and properties similar to an emulsion, without oil or fat ingredients, are made by adding to water dextrin (I) and, if necessary, xanthan gum, guar gum, locust bean gum, cod gum, and At least one polysaccharide selected from xanthan gum, guar gum, locust bean gum, tamarind seed gum, fermented cellulose and native gellan gum, gutty gum and/or gum arabic, and emulsifiers, etc. are added and heated at 70 to Then, other ingredients such as preservatives and dyes are added as needed, and the mixture is degassed, filtered, cooled, etc., before being filled into containers. The product can be prepared by filling the container with the mixture. 
Whipping cream covered by this invention includes both whipping cream prepared using cream derived from milk, such as raw milk or cow's milk (milk cream), such as  fresh cream, and so-called synthetic cream (non-milk cream), which is prepared using fat other than milk fat.  Whipped cream prepared with whipping cream, for example, fresh cream. 
Whey protein with such properties can be obtained commercially, for example, , "Milpro No. 14" manufactured by Saneigen F.F.I. Co. 2" manufactured by Saneigen F.F.I. Co. 
As a water-soluble iota carrageenan having the above properties (1) to (3), for example, "Gelrich [trademark] No. 3" manufactured by Saneigen F.F.I. Co. Ltd. 
The above cheese-containing foods are processed foods containing cheese or prepared from cheese, such as , bread, cake, mousse, pizza, gratin, lasagna, doria, risotto, sauce, soup, cheese fondue, hamburger, burger, salad, and Fried foods such as pork cutlets and processed foods such as spreads are included. 
For example, a sugar confection with a raw caramel-like texture can be prepared by , dextrin (I), and psyllium seed gum. 
The desalination method and desalination equipment are useful, for example, in , desalination of various types of brine in the water treatment industry, such as drinking water, pure water, ultrapure water, and industrial water; desalination of various types of brine generated in biochemical related industries, such as fermentation and food industries; desalination of pharmaceutical raw materials containing salt, in the chemical industry, the Desalination of industrial wastewater containing salt in the chemical industry, metal industry, etc., and desalination of dyes and pigments containing salt in the dye manufacturing industry, etc. 
The patch can take any shape and the electrode can take any size and shape to fit the surface to which it is applied, e.g., , under the eye, around the eye angle, above the lips, on the forehead, or the entire facial surface. 
For example, , a pachinko machine has various types of prize means, such as large prize means and ordinary prize means, arranged in the play area of the play board, and guides a ball launched from the launching means through the guide rail to the play area. When the ball is launched into the prize means, a predetermined number of balls are dispensed as prize balls according to the conditions of the prize. 
As a measure to prevent such tampering, for example,  an anti-tampering member made of elastic material is attached to the front of the front frame so that when the open/close door is closed, the anti-tampering member contacts the back of the open/close door to prevent a gap from occurring between the front frame and the open/close door (Patent Document 1). 
This invention relates to packages, covers, containers, trays, masks, and other plastic molded products used for advertising and sales promotion of products (e.g., , cosmetics, medicines, foods, various souvenirs, auto parts, computer supplies, electrical products, various industrial goods, toys, etc.) or for display in stores. (personal computer goods, electrical goods, various industrial goods, toys, etc.) used for advertising and sales promotion, or for display in stores, etc., and the method and apparatus for punching them out. 
The substrate 13b is a square synthetic resin board (e.g., , polypropylene board) in plan view, as shown in Figure 19. The first Thomson blade 13a1 and the second Thomson blade 13a2 are attached to the substrate 13b via the auxiliary mounting plate 13c shown in Fig. 20. A1 and a second Thompson blade 13A2 are mounted on it with the same height dimension through the auxiliary mounting plate 13C shown in Figure 20. 
The substrate 64a of the die-cutting table 64 is made of a synthetic resin board (e.g., , polypropylene board) and has the same size and shape as the substrate 63b of the push die 6 The size and shape of the substrate 64a is the same as that of the substrate 63b of the stamping die 6. 
Even if the gap (ink flow path) composed of, for example, , a valve body such as a ball to which elastic force is given and the wall surface of the tip and the valve body pressed by pressing this valve body is narrow, said particles are elastically deformed at said portion and flow out with the ink flow without stopping the ink flow. Therefore, it is possible to include in the ink composition particles with a diameter of dimensions larger than said gap, which is large enough to form a speckled pattern. 
The colorant composition of the present invention has good writing performance as a writing and application tool, and can form writing lines (handwriting) and a coating film with a speckled pattern, making it suitable for use as a writing tool, such as a ballpoint pen that can form a speckled pattern, or as an application tool, such as a  tube filled with a drawing material or cosmetic material. It is suitable for use as a writing utensil such as a ballpoint pen that can form a speckled pattern, or as an application tool in the form of a  tube filled with drawing material or cosmetic. 
Carboxylic acid derivatives represented by the general formula (1) include, for example, , hexane-1,3,6 tricarboxylic acid, butane-1,2,4-tricarboxylic acid, glutaric acid, dimethyl glutarate, methyl glutamate, etc. 
Linear saturated hydrocarbon groups include, for example, , hexyl, heptyl, octyl, nonyl, decyl, undecyl, dodecyl, tridecyl, tetradecyl, pentadecyl, hexadecyl, heptadecyl, octadecyl, icosyl, docosyl, and tetracosyl groups are listed. 
Linear or branched-chain saturated hydrocarbon groups with hydroxyl groups include, for example, , hydroxyhexyl, hydroxyoctyl, hydroxydecyl, hydroxydodecyl, hydroxytetradecyl, hydroxyhexadecyl, hydroxyoctadecyl, hydroxyoctadecyl hydroxyicosyl, hydroxydocosyl, hydroxytetracosyl, hydroxymethylpentyl, hydroxymethylhexyl, hydroxyethylhexyl, hydroxymethylnonyl, hydroxydimethyloctyl, hydroxytetramethyloctyl and other groups. 
Specific examples of the present compounds represented by the general formula (1) are, for example, , N-(3-aminobutyryl)phenylalanine, N N-(3-(2-hydroxyethylamino)butyryl)phenylalanine, N -(3-(3-methoxypropylamino)butyryl)phenylalanine, N-( 3-(2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethylamino)butyryl)phenylalanine, N -(3-(3-propylamino)butyryl)phenylalanine, N-(3 (-aminobutyryl)leucine, N-(3-(2-hydroxyethylamino)butyryl)leucine, N N-(3-(3-methoxypropylamino)butyryl)leucine, N-( 3-(2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethylamino)butyryl)leucine, N -(3-(3-propylamino)butyryl)leucine, N-(3 (-aminobutyryl)valine, N-(3-(2-hydroxyethylamino)butyryl)valine, N N-(3-(3-methoxypropylamino)butyryl)valine, N-( 3-(2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethylamino)butyryl)valine, N -(3-(3-propylamino)butyryl)valine, N-(3 -(2-hydroxyethylamino)butyryl)glycine, their salts and compounds selected from their hydrates. 
The content of dipeptide derivatives or salts thereof in the hair-growing agents of the present invention varies depending on the form of addition and administration, but for example, in  solvent extraction dry matter conversion, 0.00 1 to 20% by mass, especially 0.01 to 10% by mass. 
The volatile organic solvents used in the oil phase are not restricted to those normally used in cosmetics, such as , volatile hydrocarbon oil, volatile silicone oil, and volatile fluorinated oil. .
Volatile silicone oils are polysiloxane-based oils that can evaporate at room temperature, such as , cyclic octamethylcyclotetrasiloxane, decamethylcyclopentasiloxane, dodecamethylcyclohexasiloxane and linear octamethyltrisiloxane, heptamethylhexyltrisiloxane, and heptamethyloctyltrisiloxane. 
When the picking selection section 31 calculates whether the number of orders to be shipped is equal to or more than the second criterion value, if the calculation result is equal to or more than the second criterion value, it further calculates whether the number of orders of a specific type (e.g., 50 types) to complete the shipment is equal to or more than the third criterion value (e.g., 100 items). S9a and S9b). S9b). If the result of the calculation is that the number of product types is less than the first standard value, while the number of shipment orders is greater than the second standard value and the number of shipment orders in which shipment is completed with a specific number of types is greater than the third standard value, then The fourth picking method, which is a combination of the first cart picking method and the third booth picking method, is selected (S10). 
In another perspective, the invention relates to a method of delivering a therapeutically effective amount of an anthracycline:cytidine analog (e.g., , daunorubicin:cytarabine) combination to a desired target by administering a composition of the invention. 
Anionic surfactants also include alkyl sulfosuccinates (mono- and dialkyl, e.g., , C6-C 22 sulfosuccinates, etc.); alkyl and acyl taurates, alkyl and acyl sarcosinates, sulfoacetates, C8 C22 alkyl phosphates and phosphates, alkyl phosphate esters and alkoxylalkyl phosphate esters, acyl lactates, C 8-C22 monoalkylsuccinates and maleates, sulfoacetates, and alkylglycosides. 
The zwitterionic and/or amphoteric compounds used include, for example, amphoacetates and diamphoacetates such as sodium lauroamphoacetate, sodium cocoamphoacetate, and blends thereof. 
Optional ingredients in the compositions of the invention are cationic skin conditioning agents, which are cationic skin feel enhancers or polymers, such as cationic cellulose or polyquaternium compounds. 
A variety of active substance components are useful in the present invention, such as , anti-acne active substances, anti-wrinkle and anti-atrophy active substances, skin barrier repair aids, cosmetic soothing aids, local anesthetics, artificial tanning agents and accelerators, skin lightening active substances, antibacterial and antifungal active substances, sun blocking active substances, sebum stimulants, sebum inhibitors, antiglycation active substances and mixtures thereof. substances, sun-shielding active substances, sebum stimulants, sebum inhibitors, antiglycation active substances, and mixtures thereof. 
In addition, the data bus of CPU 310 has a sub control unit 40 0 to send commands (e.g., , commands indicating internal winning of a bonus or small role, commands for accepting the throw-in button for production, etc.) to the output interface 37 1 is connected. 
In the Fudo state update process, which starts when the predetermined stop display period has ended (when the value of the Fudo stop time management timer changes from 1 to 0), if the hit flag is on, the Fudo state update process will start the opening period (e.g., 2 seconds). When the hit flag is turned on, the solenoid 1-330 for driving the opening/closing of the vane member of the second special drawing starting port 1128 is activated for the predetermined open period (e.g.,  2 seconds). 330 for keeping the blades open and closed, and also outputs a signal to the solenoid 1 The information indicating the open period is set in the memory area of the timer for managing the open time of the blades in RAM 1 308. 
In the Fixed Figure state update process, which starts at the timing when the predetermined open period has ended (the timing when the value of the timer for managing the time for opening the blades goes from 1 to 0), a predetermined closing period (e.g., ) is set.  The signal is output to the solenoid 1330 for driving the opening and closing of the vane member for the predetermined closing period (e.g.,  500 msec). The information indicating the closure period is set in the memory area of the timer for managing the vane closure time in RAM 1308. 
In the special drawing state update process, which starts at the timing when the predetermined prize presentation period has ended (when the value of the special drawing standby time management timer changes from 1 to 0), the predetermined open period (e.g., 1) is set. 29 seconds, or when a predetermined number of balls (e.g., 1 The solenoid 1330 for driving the opening/closing of the door member of the variable entry slot 1130 is applied to the door member in the open/closed state. The signal to hold the door member open is output to the solenoid 1330 for driving the door member of the variable entry port 1130 (until the number of balls that enter the door (e.g.,  1 0 balls) is detected). The information indicating the open period is set in the memory area of the door open time management timer provided in RAM 308.  Also, in order to execute the general command large prize opening setting transmission process in the command setting transmission process (step S1715), the above-mentioned In addition, 10H is additionally stored in the transmission information storage area as the transmission information (general information) in order to execute the general command grand-opening setting transmission process (step S1715). 
In the special diagram state update process that starts at the timing when the opening and closing control of the door member is repeated a predetermined number of times (e.g., 15 rounds) and ends, a predetermined end performance period (e.g., 3 seconds), i.e., the period during which an image is displayed to inform the players that the jackpot has ended on the 1110 decorative design display device, is set to wait. For example, the special drawing state update process that starts at the timing when the jackpot has ended is set to wait for a predetermined end performance period (e.g., 3 seconds), i.e., the period during which an image is displayed to inform players that the jackpot has ended on the 1110 decorative design display device. The information indicating the production standby period is set in the memory area of the timer for controlling the production standby time provided in RAM 1308. The information indicating the production standby period is set in the memory area of the production standby time management timer in RAM 1308.  Also, in order to execute the general command end performance setting transmission process in the command setting transmission process (step S1715), the above-mentioned transmission The "08H" is additionally stored in the above-mentioned transmission information storage area as transmission information (general information) in order to execute the general command end performance setting transmission process (step S1715). 
For example, the shape, configuration, and arrangement of the , the entire play table, or the devices or components that make up the table, etc., are not limited to those shown in the above examples, but may be any other shape, configuration, and arrangement. 
For example, , in Patent Document 1, wood is compressed inside a high-temperature, high-pressure vessel and treated with high-temperature steam, which causes component transformation of cellulose, hemicellulose, and lignin, the compositional components of the wood, to color the entire piece brownish brown. A method of treating wood is proposed. 
For example, , if the raw material obtained has raw material color variation, high-pressure steam treatment can be used to reduce this raw material color variation, or raw materials can be combined after coloring to produce sliced veneers of more uniform color. 
For example, , if the raw material obtained has raw material color variation, high-pressure steam treatment can be used to reduce this raw material color variation, or raw materials can be combined after coloring to produce sliced veneers of more uniform color. 
Although the wood 2 was applied to flitch and loaded sliced veneer, it can be applied to other wood 2, such as , interior wood, furniture wood, and other decorative wood materials that are manufactured by slicing. 
Although high-pressure air was used for pressure maintenance in this example,  nitrogen gas, for example, can be used to suppress oxidation of wood 2. 
However, for example, in the technique shown in Patent Document 1, separation from the background image is performed using the feature values in the image, so if the background image and the object have the same or similar colors, the object cannot be separated from the image at the exact If the colors of the background image and the object are the same or similar, the object cannot be separated at the exact location from the features in the image. 
The invention also enables marker recognition by combining image processing with a marker embedding method that makes it possible to implement recognition of embedded markers even in models with limited capacity and performance, such as  mobile terminals, for example. 
In the method 26 for setting an object to be embedded, whether or not an object contained in an image is a target for embedding non-visualized information may be determined by using embedding judgment information set in advance by, for example, a  user, etc. and stored in storage means 23, etc., or by searching whether actions and additional information for the object are stored in storage means 23. If the embedded judgment information is stored in the storage means 23, etc., and the embedding judgment is made using the embedded judgment information, or if the behavior or additional information for the object is stored in the storage means 23, and if the additional information is stored, the embedding judgment is made using the stored judgment information. If the additional information is stored in the storage means 23, it may determine that the object is an object to be embedded. 
Since the non-visualized information in this form is used to extract objects on the recognizer 16 side, when embedding embedded information, the embedded information may be embedded in all of the non-visualized information or in a part of the non-visualized information ( For example, it may be embedded in , in a corner or around a corner within the non-visualized information area (trimming marker), etc. .
Therefore, the non-visualized information in this embodiment has two uses: one is to have the object to be trimmed extracted, for example, , on the recognizer 16 side, and the other is to have the object obtain motion instruction information and other additional information, etc., which indicate what kind of motion is to be performed on the object, if necessary. The  is used to extract the object to be trimmed, and to obtain movement instructions and other additional information that instructs the object what action to take, if necessary. 
In this embodiment, when embedding embedding information, it is preferable to embed the embedding information corresponding to the object on or around the position of the object displayed in the  image, for example, and in this case, the image analysis method 25 to embed the embedded image in the target image based on the object position information obtained by 
Furthermore, output means 42 may have a printing function, such as a printer, to print each output content, such as the actual operation content for the objects described above, on various print media, such as  paper, for example, to provide to users, etc. . <end_template
If there are multiple non-visualized information in the embedded image, the object extraction method 45 may extract objects from all of the non-visualized information, or it may extract at least one predetermined non-visualized information (e.g. , the leftmost non-visualized information in the embedded image, the non-visualized information with the largest size, etc.) may be extracted. 
Although a square is preferred for the outer frame shape in order to improve the reading accuracy of the recognition device 16, it is not limited to this in the present invention. For example, , a rectangle, a rhombus, a hexagon, an octagon, a polygon, a circle, an oval, a shape that is similar to the object shape and enlarged, or a shape that is free-ridden by the user or other input means such as a mouse, etc. are also acceptable. 
In addition, as a variation of input and corresponding behavior, in this embodiment, for example, , when a user or other person blows on the voice input device or other device of the recognition device 16 (microphone input), part or all of the object rotates The object can roll when tilted, the object can react when touched on the screen of the recognition device 16, and the object can perform location-specific actions when it goes to a specific location. 
The frequency in this implementation is not limited, but for example,  0.2 to 2[cycle/pixel] in the high frequency section, 0 to 1[cycle/pixel] in the low frequency section, and 0 to 1[cycle/pixel] in the high frequency section. cycles/pixel] for the high frequency part and 0 to 1[ cycles/pixel] for the low frequency part. cycles/pixel] for the high-frequency part and 0 to 1 [cycles/pixel] for the low-frequency part, and specifically, the frequency should be higher in the high-frequency part than in the low-frequency part. 
Note that Example 4 is not limited to clothing, but includes, for example, , hats, glasses, accessories, bags, etc., and can also be coordinated to match one's face by importing a face image, etc. 
Typical methods for preparing monodisperse emulsions, such as those described in Non-Patent Document 1-4, SPG membrane emulsification Microchannel emulsification method, microfluidic branching emulsification method, etc., as described in  Non-Patent Document 1-4 are known. 
For example, , when made into a topical skin application, pH 5.5 to 7.5 is preferred due to skin irritation, feel of use, physical stability of urea, etc. Adjustment to pH 5.5 to 7.5 is preferred, especially pH 6.0 to 7.0. 
For example, topical formulations containing , lidocaine, diphenhydramine, glycyrrhetinic acid, etc., have poor skin penetration of lidocaine and diphenhydramine in the acidic range and a strong ammonia odor in the basic range, making it It was difficult to control pH. 
Drugs can include, for example, local anesthetics, anti-inflammatory agents, antihistamines, vitamins, antipruritics, moisturizers, fungicides, antifungal agents, antiviral agents, and fragrances. 
By forming the identification information part near the  spout area by laser beam irradiation, for example, the identification information part can be formed at the same time as the process of forming the cut lines for opening the spout area by laser beam irradiation, eliminating the need for new equipment investment. This eliminates the need to invest in new equipment, and the process of forming the identification information section does not need to be added separately, resulting in superior productivity. 
In the present invention, one or more of the above-mentioned resins are used to make a film or sheet of the above-mentioned resins, for example, , and a film forming method such as extrusion, cast molding, T-die, cutting, inflation, etc. can be used. The film forming method such as extrusion, cast molding, T-die, cutting, inflation, or other methods can be used. 
When mixing these ingredients, one or more common food emulsifiers, such as , lecithin, sucrose fatty acid esters, or glycerol fatty acid esters, may be used in combination to improve mixing efficiency and to improve the dispersion and stability of the fats and oils. or a combination of two or more may be used. 
The polymerizable unsaturated groups at both ends of the poly(perfluoroalkylene ether) chain of said polymerizable monomer (A) are, for example, , those having the following structural formula U-1 to U-5 are those having the polymerizable unsaturated groups shown in the following structural formulae U-1 to U-5. .
The above paint compositions include, for example, paints using natural resins such as , petroleum resin paints, shellac paints, rosin-based paints, cellulose-based paints, rubber-based paints, lacquer paints, cashew resin paints, oil-based vehicle paints; and paints using synthetic resins such as phenolic resin paints, alkyd resin paints, unsaturated phenolic resin paints, alkyd resin paints, unsaturated polyester resin paints, amino resin paints, epoxy resin paints, vinyl resin paints, acrylic resin paints, polyurethane resin paints, silicone resin paints, fluoropolymer resin paints, and other synthetic resin-based paints, etc. 
The activated energy beam curable monomers are, for example, , ethylene glycol di(meth)acrylate, diethylene glycol di(meth)acrylate, triethylene glycol di(meth)acrylate, polyethylene glycol di(meth)acrylate with a number average molecular weight in the range 1 Polyethylene glycol di(meth)acrylate, propylene glycol di(meth)acrylate, propylene glycol di(meth)acrylate, and dipropylene glycol di(meth)acrylate with average molecular weights in the range of 1.5 to 1.000 dipropylene glycol di(meth)acrylate, tripropylene glycol di(meth)acrylate, polypropylene glycol di(meth)acrylate with average molecular weight in the range of 150 to 10   hydroxypivalic acid ester neopentyl glycol di(meth)acrylate, bisphenol A di(meth)acrylate, trimethylolpropane tri(meth)acrylate, pentaerythritol tri(meth)acrylate, dipentaerythritol hexa (meth)acrylate, pentaerythltol tetra (meth)acrylate, trimethylolpropane di (meth)acrylate, dipentaerythltol penta (meth)acrylate, dicyclopentenyl (meth)acrylate, methyl (meth)acrylate, propyl (meth)acrylate, butyl (meth)acrylate acrylate, butyl (meth) acrylate, t-butyl (meth) acrylate, 2-ethylhexyl (meth) acrylate, octyl (meth) acrylate, decyl (meth) acrylate, isodecyl(meth)acrylate, lauryl(meth)acrylate, stearyl(meth)acrylate, isostearyl(meth)acrylate and other aliphatic alkyl(meth)acrylates, glycerol(meth)acrylate, 2 glycerol (meth)acrylate, 2-hydroxyethyl (meth)acrylate, 3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl (meth)acrylate, glycidyl (meth)acrylate, allyl (meth)acrylate acrylate, allyl (meth)acrylate, 2-butoxyethyl (meth)acrylate, 2-(diethylamino)ethyl (meth)acrylate, 2 (dimethylamino)ethyl (meth)acrylate, gamma-(meth)acryloxypropyltrimethoxysilane, 2-methoxyethyl (meth)acrylate, 2-methoxydiethylene glycol Methoxydiethylene glycol (meth)acrylate, methoxydipropylene glycol (meth)acrylate, nonylphenoxy polyethylene glycol (meth)acrylate, nonylphenoxy polypropylene glycol (meth)acrylate, phenoxyethyl (meth)acrylate Phenoxydipropylene glycol (meth)acrylate, Phenoxypolypropylene glycol (meth)acrylate, Polybutadiene (meth)acrylate, Polyethylene glycol-polypropylene glycol (meth)acrylate Polyethylene glycol-polybutylene glycol (meth)acrylate, polystyryl ethyl (meth)acrylate, benzyl (meth)acrylate, cyclohexyl (meth)acrylate, dicyclopentanyl (meth)acrylate, dicyclopentenyl (meth)acrylate, isocyclopentenyl (meth)acrylate, isopentenyl (meth)acrylate (meth)acrylate, isobornyl (meth)acrylate, methoxylated cyclodecatriene (meth)acrylate, phenyl (meth)acrylate; maleimide, N-methylmaleimide, N  N-octylmaleimide, N-dodecylmaleimide, N-stearylmaleimide, N-phenylmaleimide, N-phenylmaleimide, N-phenylmaleimide N-phenylmaleimide, N-cyclohexylmaleimide, 2-maleimidoethyl-ethylcarbonate 2-maleimido ethyl propyl carbonate, N-ethyl-(2 (2-maleimidoethyl) carbamate, N,N-hexamethylenebismaleimide, polypropyleneglycol-bis(3-maleimidopropyl) ethylene (3-maleimidopropyl) ether, bis(2-maleimidoethyl) carbonate, 1,4-dimaleimidocyclohexane, and other maleimides. 
On the other hand, hydrogen-drawing photoinitiators include, for example, , benzophenone, o-benzoylbenzoic acid methyl-4 Phenylbenzophenone, 4,4'-dichlorobenzophenone, hydroxybenzophenone, 4-benzoyl 4'-4'-methyl-diphenylsulfide, acrylated benzophenone, 3,3 3,3',4,4'-tetra(t-butylperoxycarbonyl)benzophenone, 3,3'-dimethylbenzophenone Benzophenone compounds such as 3,3'-dimethyl-4-methoxybenzophenone; and Benzophenone compounds such as 2-isopropylthioxanthone, 2,4-dimethylthioxanthone, 2,4 Thioxanthone compounds such as 2-isopropylthioxanthone, 2,4-dimethylthioxanthone, 2,4-diethylthioxanthone, 2,4-dichlorothioxanthone, etc.; Michler-ketone, 4,4'-diethylamino Aminobenzophenones such as 4'-diethylaminobenzophenone; 10-butyl 2-chloroacridone, 2-ethylanthraquinone, 9,10 phenanthraquinone, 9,10-phenanthraquinone, camphorquinone, and others. 
The photosensitizers mentioned above include, for example, , amines such as aliphatic amines and aromatic amines, ureas such as o-tolylthiourea, sodium diethyldithiophosphate, s -benzylisothiuronium-p-toluenesulfonate, and other sulfur compounds. 
The coating method of the above paint compositions varies depending on the application, but examples include coating methods using , gravure coaters, roll coaters, comma coaters, knife coaters, air knife coaters, curtain coaters, kiss coaters, shower coaters, wheeler coaters, spin coaters, dipping, screen printing, spraying, applicators, bar coaters, electrostatic coating, or forming methods using various molds. Spin coaters, dipping, screen printing, spray, applicator, bar coater, electrostatic coating, etc., or molding methods using various types of molds. 
The above quinone diazide compounds include, for example, , 1,2-benzoquinone azide-4 1,2-Naphthoquinonediazide-4-sulfonate, 1,2-Naphthoquinonediazide-5-sulfonate, 1,2-Naphthoquinonediazide-5-sulfonate 1,2-Naphthoquinonediazide-5-sulfonate, 2,1-Naphthoquinonediazide-5-sulfonate, 2,1-Naphthoquinonediazide-5-sulfonate 2,1-Naphthoquinonediazide-4-sulfonate, 2,1-Naphthoquinonediazide-5-sulfonate 5-sulfonate, 1,2-benzoquinone azide-4-sulfonate chloride, 1,2-benzoquinone azide-4  1,2-Naphthoquinonediazide-5-sulfonic acid chloride, 2,1-Naphthoquinonediazide-5-sulfonic acid chloride, 2,1-Naphthoquinonediazide-4-sulfonic acid chloride 2,1-Naphthoquinonediazide-4-sulfonic acid chloride, 2,1-Naphthoquinonediazide-5-sulfonic acid chloride, 2,1-Naphthoquinonediazide-4-sulfonic acid chloride 2,1-Naphthoquinone diazide-4-sulfonic acid chloride, 2,1-Naphthoquinone diazide-5-sulfonic acid chloride, and other sulfonic acid chlorides of quinone diazide derivatives are examples. 
The above diazo compounds include salts of condensates of p-diazodiphenylamine with formaldehyde or acetaldehyde, such as hexafluorophosphate, tetrafluoroborate, perchlorate or periodate. Diazo resin inorganic salts, which are reactive organisms of the above condensates with hexafluorophosphates, tetrafluoroborates, perchlorates or periodates, as described in USP 3,300,309. Diazo resin organic salts, which are reaction products of the above condensates and sulfonic acids, such as those described in USP 3,300,309. 
The above halogenated organic compounds can be used as long as they are halides of organic compounds. Sulfoxide compounds, sulfone compounds containing halogen, thiazole compounds containing halogen, oxazole compounds containing halogen, trizole compounds containing halogen, 2-pyrone compounds containing halogen, aliphatic hydrocarbon compounds containing halogen, aromatic compounds containing halogen Halogen-containing aliphatic hydrocarbon compounds, halogen-containing aromatic hydrocarbon compounds, other halogen-containing heterocyclic compounds, sulfenyl halide compounds, and various other compounds, such as  tris(2,3-dibromopropyl)phosphate (2,3-dibromopropyl)phosphate, tris(2,3-dibromo-3-chloropropyl)phosphate, chlorotetrabromomethane Hexachlorobenzene, Hexabromobenzene, Hexabromocyclododecane, Hexabromobiphenyl, Tribromophenylallyl ether, Tetrachlorobisphenol A, Tetrabromobisphenol A, Bis(  isocyanurate, 2,2-bis(4-hydroxy-3,5-dibromophenyl) isocyanurate, 2,2-bis(4-hydroxy-3,5-dibromo 2,2-bis(4-hydroxyethoxy-3,5-dibromophenyl)propane, 2,2-bis(4-hydroxyethoxy-3,5-dibromo (4-hydroxyethoxy-3,5-dibromophenyl) propane, compounds used as halogenated flame retardants, compounds used as organochloro pesticides such as dichlorophenyl trichloroethane etc. are also listed. 
That is, a metering chamber is formed between the stem output part and the actuator, and the aerosol type product using compressed gas is targeted, and the contents of the metering chamber are injected into the external space when the actuator is  pressed down, as in the case of setting the operating mode, for example. 
It also covers metering injection mechanisms with an afterdraw prevention function by sealing between the metering chamber area and the content passage area on the injection port side when the piston moves to its final position (e.g.,  top position) and finishes the original continuous injection of the content, and this sealing action prevents afterdraw. 
The stem and the actuator form a metering chamber defined by a piston, and the valve portion of the stem (inflow valve) is opened by pressing the actuator, for example, , and the contents flowing out of the valve portion are pressed against the piston by the compressed gas of the container body, so to speak, so that the piston is moved and the contents in the metering chamber (which have been stored at the end of the previous metering injection operation) are injected into the external space as the volume of the metering chamber shrinks. The piston is moved by pushing the content that flows out of the valve portion by the action of compressed gas in the container body, and the content in the metering chamber (which has already been stored at the end of the previous metering operation) is injected into the external space as the volume of the metering chamber shrinks at this time, thereby ensuring reliable metering operation of a compressed gas type aerosol product and enriching technology. 
Thus, the present invention is such that the valve portion of the stem (inflow valve) is opened by operating the actuator body by pressing, for example, , and the contents flow into the pressurized chamber to the piston for defining the metering chamber by the action of the compressed gas in the container body at this time, causing the piston to move in the direction of reduction of the metering chamber volume, and that this movement results in the injection of the contents stored in the metering chamber into the external space at the end of the previous metering injection operation. This movement causes the contents already stored in the metering chamber to be injected into the external space at the end of the previous metering injection operation, thereby making the metering injection operation of aerosol-type products containing compressed gas more concrete and reliable. 
For example, , a sealing action part for preventing afterdraw in the top plate member 12, piston 14, etc., and a sealing action part for preventing afterdraw in the piston 1 When the piston 1 4 has moved to its uppermost position, it is in contact with other parts (such as the piston 14, the top plate 12 or the button side base 1 3), and is connected to the previous metering chamber A' and the connecting hole 1 4. When the piston 14 moves to its uppermost position, it is in contact with other parts (other than the sealing parts) such as the piston 14, the top plate member 12, and the button side base 1 3, and is separated from the content passage area between the metering chamber A' up to that point and the connecting hole 13b and the jet 8 The content passage region to the connecting hole 13b and the downstream jet 8b may be provided in such a way that the continuity between the content passage region and the metering chamber A' up to that point is interrupted. 
The contents to be stored in the container body are, for example, , powders, oil components, alcohols, surfactants, polymeric compounds, and active ingredients for each application. .
In addition, inclined planes 8 and 11 do not have to be complementary shapes, e.g., , inclined plane 8 may have an ellipsoid shape and inclined plane 1 1 may have a sinusoidal shape. 
In one embodiment, a mold for producing a preform is provided, the preform form having a neck section having a first mold temperature control system (e.g.,  cooling/heating channel), a second temperature control system body section and a core section having a third temperature control system, wherein the first temperature control system is independent of the second and third temperature control systems and the neck section is insulated from the body section and core The neck section is insulated from the body section and the core. 
The meaning of the phrase "primarily hydrocarbylene" is a divalent radical that is primarily a hydrocarbon, but selectively contains small amounts of heteroatom moieties, such as, for example,  oxygen, sulfur, imino groups, sulfonyl groups, sulfoxyl groups, etc. 
Poly(hydroxyamide ether) represented by chemical formula 2, for example, , N,N'-bis(3-hydroxyphenyl)adipamide or N,N'-bis(3-hydroxyphenyl)adipamide, or 3-hydroxyphenyl)adipamide or N,N'-bis(3- hydroxyphenyl)glutamide, or bis(hydroxyphenylamido)alkane or arene, or a compound of two or more of these combinations, prepared by contacting with epihalohydrin, as described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,134,218, and is described in U.S. Patent No. 5,134,218. 
Poly(ether sulfonamides) functionalized by hydroxy groups represented by chemical formula 5, for example, , N,N' -dialkyl or N,N'-diaryl disulfonamides are prepared by polymerization with diglycidyl ether, e.g., U.S. Pat. No. 5,149,768. 
Poly(hydroxyester ethers) represented by chemical formula 6 are prepared by reacting diglycidyl ethers of aliphatic or aromatic diacids, such as  diglycidyl terephthalate or diglycidyl ethers of divalent phenols, with  prepared by reacting an aliphatic or aromatic diacid, such as adipic acid or isophthalic acid.  These polyesters are described in U.S. Patent No. 5,171,820. U.S. Patent No. 5,171,820. 
In the above, we have described an example in which the free stop mechanism is applied to a compact container with 20 and 70 operation levers with release buttons on both the right and left side walls of the container body 1. However, it is possible to apply the free stop mechanism to a compact container with an operation lever with release buttons on only one of the right and left side walls, for example, , or a compact container with release buttons only on the front wall of the container body. 
The "pump type" also indicates a method in which the volume of the content storage space is reduced and the contents are released into the external space when the user presses  the control unit or a part of the container (peripheral portion, etc.), for example, and the so-called extrusion type, tube type, etc. are also included. This concept includes so-called extrusion type, tube type, etc. 
Applicable contents include, for example,  liquid or cream soap, shampoo, rinse, cosmetics, and emulsion, as well as effervescent shaving foam, hair styling foam, and various other products as described below. 
Here, for example,  the operating members 1, 21, sealing member 4, passageway members 5, 5 ', tailstock part 6 and output passage member 24 are made of plastic, such as polypropylene, polyethylene, polyacetal, nylon, polybutylene terephthalate, etc., and coil spring 7 and plate spring 25 are made of metal. 
Figure 5 shows, for example,  a case in which the large-diameter outer circumferential surface portion 5j near the discharge port, which is prone to adhesion of residual contents when returning from the operation termination mode in Figure 2(a) to the stationary mode in (b). The case is shown in which a concave portion 5j is formed on the outer circumferential surface portion to reduce the total area of the large-diameter outer circumferential surface portion 5b in the vicinity of the discharge port, where residual contents tend to adhere when returning from the operation termination mode in Figure 2(a) to the stationary mode in (b). 
The contents to be stored in the container body are, for example, oil ingredients, alcohols, surfactants, polymer compounds, powders, and active ingredients for each application. 
In the present invention, the receiving part of the coil spring is newly provided on the storage side of the piston member (= cylinder side in the above patent document), and the entire flow adjustment mechanism is made into a unit structure in a form independent of the control button, thereby enabling different types of arbitrary control buttons, e.g. . The purpose is to make it possible to apply a separate design to the control button formed on the surface part. 
Since the entire flow adjustment mechanism is a unit structure in the form of an independent of the control button, it can be applied to any control button of different types, e.g.,  of corresponding size with a separate design formed on the surface portion. 
The contents to be stored in the container body are, for example, , powders, oil components, alcohols, surfactants, polymeric compounds, and active ingredients for each application. .
Generally, it is known that a pachinko machine, for example, a  pachinko machine, is configured in such a way that a ball that remains in the ball receiving tray is launched into the play area of the play board in response to the operation of the launch handle, and then flows down the play surface guided by obstacle nails and windmills in the play area to enter various prize ports, or to flow into an out port at the bottom of the play area without entering a ball (see Patent Document 1). The ball is then guided by obstacle nails, windmills, etc. in the play area and flows down the board surface to enter various prize ports, or flows into an out port in the lower part of the play area without entering the ball (see Patent Document 1). 
The ordinary pattern lottery means 85 draws an ordinary pattern lottery to determine whether or not to open and close the start chucker 27, within the number of balls pending in this ordinary pattern lottery (e.g., ). 4) within the number of balls pending in this ordinary pattern lottery (e.g., ). 
However, if glycation of proteins in the dermis, especially collagen, has detrimental effects on the skin, for example,  proteins in the accompanying structures of the skin such as nails and/or hair, and indeed any protein system, can be expected to have similar consequences It is expected that 
Most specifically, the subject matter of the invention is the use of an effective amount of at least one extract of at least one plant of the genus Rhus in a composition or in the preparation of a composition, wherein the extract or composition is used to reduce or even inhibit the glycation of proteins of the dermis, such as collagen, and/or nails, and/or hair, such as <start_template or hair, e.g.,  for reducing or even inhibiting protein glycation of keratin. 
The tyrosinase inhibitor may be in any form, for example,  in solid dosage form such as powder, granule, tablet, or capsule form, or in liquid dosage form such as liquid, suspension, or emulsion form. 
The whitening agent may be in any form, for example,  in solid dosage form such as powder, granules, tablets, or capsules, or in liquid dosage form such as liquid, suspension, or emulsion. 
The topical whitening agents of the present invention may also contain ingredients normally used in cosmetics and topical agents, such as , moisturizers, astringents, cell activators, antioxidant/active oxygen scavengers, UV absorbers, UV blocking agents, surfactants, thickening agents, powder ingredients, colorants, antibacterial agents, anti-inflammatory/antiallergic agents, various skin nutrients, fragrances, etc. as needed. Various skin nutrients, fragrances, etc. can be blended as needed. 
For example, , in the process of manufacturing powdered detergent in a cosmetic box by placing the powdered detergent in a carton (cosmetic box), the carton folded into a board shape is continuously fed to a device that assembles it into a box shape, and the assembled box is sequentially sent to the process of filling powdered detergent. 
The present invention has determined that diseases or disorders of the inner and posterior part of the eye and other tissues outside the lens (e.g.,  the cornea) can also be improved or prevented through the administration of hydroxylamine compounds, e.g.,  Tempol-H Tempol-H) can also be ameliorated or prevented via administration of hydroxylamine compounds, e.g. This determination was made via animal models of macular degeneration and other retinal disorders, the protocol for which is described in the Examples. 
Alternatively, the composition may be prepared in another ophthalmic dosage form known to those skilled in the art, such as a  pre-formed or in-situ formed gel or liposome, such as  Herrero-Vanler ( U.S. Patent No. 5 to Herrero- U.S. Patent No. 5,718,922 to Herrero-Vanrell. U.S. Patent No. 5,718,922 to Herrero-Vanrell, for example. Direct injection of drugs into the vitreous body used for disease treatment is used, in which microspheres or liposomes are used to gently release the drug ( Moritera, T. et al. etal. "Micr ospheresof bio degradablepolymersasadrug -de Liverysysteminthevitreous "Invest. Ophthalmol. Vis. Sci. 199, no. 1, 32(6): 1785- (90). 
In the quaternary ammonium-containing modifying group of component (A) in the above first invention, the type of functional group chemically bonded to the carboxyl group of glucuronic acid is not particularly limited, for example, . It can be an amino group, etc., but it is more preferred that this functional group is a hydroxyl group, as in the second invention. 
In the quaternary ammonium-containing modifying group of component (A) in the above first invention, the type of functional group chemically bonded to the carboxyl group of glucuronic acid is not particularly limited, for example, . It can be an amino group, etc., but it is more preferred that this functional group is a hydroxyl group, as in the second invention. 
The uses of the oxidant compositions of the present invention are not particularly limited, but, for example, as mentioned above in 6th invention, they can preferably be used for the following applications. 
Enzymes effective for embodiments using enzymatic hydrolysis suitably include single enzymes or combinations of enzymes capable of digesting collagen and other components in tissues, such as, but not limited to, , collagenase, papain, pepsin, bromelain, trypsin, bacterial proteases, fungal proteases and pancreatin. These include single enzymes or combinations of enzymes that can digest collagen and other components in tissues. 
The structure of the connector sleeve 24a is not limited to the illustrated example, but can be, for example, a bellows structure that can be elastically deformed to contract in the  axial direction. 
In the oil-based eyelash cosmetic of the present invention, various ingredients normally used in cosmetics other than the essential ingredients mentioned above, such as , oil-soluble ingredients, powder ingredients other than ingredients (b) and (c), surfactants, UV absorbers, moisturizers, antioxidants, beauty ingredients, preservatives, anti-fading agents, fragrances, etc., may be added as needed to the extent not to spoil the effect of the present invention. Oil-soluble resins other than component (a), fibers, surfactants, UV absorbers, moisturizers, antioxidants, cosmetic ingredients, preservatives, anti-fading agents, fragrances, etc. may be blended as needed to the extent not to impair the effects of the present invention. 
UV absorbers include, for example, benzophenones, PABAs, silicates, salicylic acids, 4 4-tert-butyl-4 '-methoxydibenzoylmethane, oxybenzone, etc. 
As organopolysiloxane surface treatment agents, for example, , methylhydrogenpolysiloxane and dimethylmethylhydrogenpolysiloxane represented by the following formula (3) are known (Pat. (6). 
Unless otherwise stated herein, it is also understood that any mixture containing the compounds of the invention as starting materials, intermediate or final products, e.g.,  obtained directly from chemical synthesis without suitable purification, shall not be considered a flavoring composition according to the present invention. 
The compounds of the invention can be produced according to reaction formula (I), which comprises the reaction of 2,4-dimethyl-pentan-3 The compounds of the invention can be produced by a method comprising the reaction of 2,4-dimethyl-pentan-3-one with a suitable alkylating agent, e.g.,  benzyl halide or allyl halide, in the presence of a base, according to reaction formula (I). 
U.S. Patent No. 5449519 relates to epidermabrasion or anti-acne compositions in which an epidermabrasion or anti-acne agent (e.g.,  salicylic acid) is complexed with PAMAM-type multibranched dendrimers. template> salicylic acid) complexed with a PAMAM-type multibranched dendrimer. 
There are also numerous plant deacetylases, e.g., , maize species, HD2 of Zeamays (Genbank contract number AF254073_1). 
Other aspects of the invention relate to active compounds described herein that treat symptoms that are known to be HDAC-mediated or known to be treated by HDAC inhibitors (e.g., , such as trichostatin A). 
Another aspect of the invention relates to a method of treating symptoms in a patient known to be HDAC-mediated or known to be treated with an HDAC inhibitor (e.g., , trichostatin A, etc.), said patient being treated with a The method relates to said method, comprising administering to said patient a therapeutically effective amount of an active compound. 
Another aspect of the invention relates to a kit comprising (a) an active compound preferably provided as a pharmaceutical composition and in a suitable container and/or in suitable packaging; and (b) instructions for use, e.g., , written instructions on how to administer the active compound. The kit relates to. .
As discussed below in the context of isomers, unsaturation allows isomers (e.g., , cis- and trans-, E- and Z-, etc., and combinations thereof), and a reference to one isomer is considered a reference to all such isomers, unless otherwise explicitly stated Note that a reference to one isomer is considered a reference to all such isomers, unless otherwise explicitly stated. 
Note that it should be understood that, for example, with respect to embodiments that exclude  unsaturation, thecorrespondingspecies listed below are likewise excluded from the respective embodiments described below. 
The term "alicyclic" as used herein relates to compounds and/or groups having a single ring or two or more rings (e.g., , spiro, fused, bridged) (wherein (those) rings are not aromatic). , spiro, fused, bridged) (wherein (those) rings are not aromatic). 
The term "aromatic" as used herein relates to compounds and/or groups having a single ring or two or more rings (e.g., , condensation) (where at least one of (those) rings (wherein at least one of (those) rings is aromatic). 
Unless otherwise indicated, references to specific compounds also include ions, salts, solvates (e.g., , hydrates), protectors, and prodrugs, as described below. 
The compounds of the invention can be produced, for example, by , by the methods described herein, or by adapting these or other known methods in a known manner. 
The term "treatment" as used herein in the context of treating symptoms generally refers to treatments and therapies, either human or animal (e.g., , veterinary applications), in which multiple desired therapeutic effects are achieved, e.g., , inhibition of symptom progression. The inhibition of the progression of said symptoms includes a reduction in the rate of progression, cessation of the rate of progression, improvement of symptoms, and cure of symptoms. <END_TEMPLATE>Treatment as a preventive measure is also included. 
The invention further provides for the use of active compounds to produce pharmaceuticals for the treatment of proliferative symptoms, for example,  discussed earlier. 
The active compound may also be used as part of an invitro assay, e.g., , to see if the candidate host can benefit from treatment with the compound in question. 
The active compound may also be used as a standard, e.g., , to identify other active compounds, other antiproliferative agents, etc. in the assay. 
The compounds of the invention may also be used in methods to improve protein production by cultured cells (see, for example, , Furukawa et al. 1998). .
In addition, the subject may be in any of its developmental forms, e.g., , spore, seed, egg, larva, pupa, or fetus. .
Formulations suitable for oral administration (e.g.,  ingestion) may be presented as discrete units, such as capsules, cachets, or tablets, each containing a predetermined amount of active ingredient; as powders or granules; as solutions or suspensions in aqueous or nonaqueous solutions; or as oil-in-water or oil-in-water emulsions; as boluses; licks; or pastes. liquid emulsion or oil-in-water emulsion; as a bolus; as a lick; or can be presented as a paste. 
Formulations suitable for rectal administration can be presented as suppositories, e.g., , using a suitable base containing cocoa butter or salicylates. .
That is, focusing on the rear positioning unit 120, for example, the  transfer aperture 118 A, the center 125 of the cartridge 124 inserted in the  transfer aperture 118A is off the center of the circular portion 1 In the case where the center 125 of the cartridge 124 inserted in the  transfer aperture 118A is off the center of the circular portion 1 26 (i.e., the center of the transfer aperture), the turntable is rotated to feed the cartridge 124 in the arc direction indicated by the sign When the cartridge 124 is fed in the arc direction indicated by 142, the roller 1 38 will hit the rear side of the cartridge 124. 38 will hit the rear side of the cartridge 124. 
In this collection station, too, the positioning action of the positioning mechanism 146 is exercised, specifically, for example, when pulling down a  cartridge, it is possible to bring its center close to the center of the transfer aperture, and when rotating the turntable 86 to feed the cartridge forward, it is possible to position the cartridge by the positioning mechanism 146. Specifically, for example, it is possible to bring the center of the  cartridge close to the center of the transfer aperture when the cartridge is being lowered, and it is possible to use the positioning mechanism 146 to position the cartridge when the cartridge is fed forward by rotating the turntable 86. The positioning mechanism 146 can also be used to position the cartridge when the turntable 86 is rotated to feed the cartridge forward. 
A method of preparing a compound of formula (I) is provided which includes the step wherein the double bond is then reduced by, for example,  hydrogenation and deprotected if desired to produce a compound of formula (I). 
Cancer cells found to be responsive to compounds of formula (I) are of epithelial origin (e.g., , prostate, ovarian, cervical, breast, gallbladder, pancreatic, colorectal, renal and non-small lung cancer cells), of mesenchymal origin (e.g., , melanoma, mesothelioma and sarcoma cancer cells) and neural origin (e.g., , glioma carcinoma cells). It is very unusual and surprising to find such a relevant group of compounds that exhibit such potent cytotoxicity against cancer cells, yet have low toxicity against non-cancer cells such as keratinocytes derived from human foreskin.  Such cancer cell selectivity is very unusual and unexpected. 
Protection of functional groups on the compounds and derivatives of the invention can be carried out by methods well established in the art, such as those described in T.W.Greene,PhotoelectiveGroupsinOrganicSynthesis,JohnWiley&Sons,NewYork,1981. The method can be carried out by well established methods such as those described in . 
Dehydration can be promoted, for example, by acids, catalyzed by bases, or by inverting tertiary alcohols to better leaving groups known to those skilled in the art. 
Preferably, any free alcohol, ester or other such reactive group in the keto compound of formula (II) is protected as, for example, , t-butyldimethylsilyl ether during the nucleophilic addition reaction. 
Among these, hydrophobic powders that are themselves hydrophobic include, for example, , polystyrene powders, polyethylene powders, N-acyllysine powders, organic resin powders such as epoxy resin powders, and metallic soap powders such as aluminum stearate, zinc laurate, and magnesium stearate. zinc laurate, magnesium stearate, and other metallic soap powders, etc. 
In the liquid makeup cosmetic of the present invention, in addition to the above essential ingredients, ingredients used in ordinary cosmetics, such as , surfactants other than the above essential ingredients, aqueous ingredients, UV absorbers, antioxidants, disinfectants, preservatives, fragrances, coolants, beauty ingredients, etc., may be used to the extent that the effect of the invention is impaired. Other than the above essential ingredients, surfactants, aqueous components, UV absorbers, antioxidants, disinfectants, preservatives, fragrances, coolants, and cosmetic ingredients may be used to the extent that they do not impair the effects of the invention. 
Vine plants" broadly includes, for example, , ivy, morning glory, wisteria, rose, and other plants that anchor their elongated stems to a growing net by means of the stem itself, tendrils, stings, hooks, suckers, or roots. 
The "drain outlet" should be provided at the position filled with granular material, and its form includes, for example, , a hole with a filter or the like to prevent the granular material from flowing out, multiple holes smaller than the granular material, a drain pipe connected to the hole to control the direction of drainage, and the like. Various forms are widely included. 
For example, , as shown in Figure 6, the folded plate roof 110 of building 100 If the dimensions of the folded-plate roof 110 of the building 100 are 5 m (length) x 5 m (width), then the total length L1 of the single support frame 21 is 2.5 m, and each support frame 21 is set to intersect each other on the four sides of the folded-plate roof 110, and at the center of the folded-plate roof 110. and the central part of the folded-plate roof 110 are bolted together so that they intersect with each other. 
Next, as shown in FIGS. 2 and 5, the root prevention sheet 22 is a non-permeable sheet material, such as a , a synthetic resin sheet material, a woven fabric of synthetic or natural fibers or non-woven sheet material coated with a synthetic resin material, or the like, which is non-permeable and does not allow adventitious roots 3 2a that grows from the extended stem 32 of the vine 30 (see enlarged view in Fig. 2). 
Furthermore, in the above embodiment, the planter section 10 is provided on one front wall of the building 100, but if, for example, , the front and back walls of the building If planter sections 10 are provided on the front and rear walls of the building 100 respectively, the vines 30 will extend from both the front and rear walls of the building 100, which is the same in half the time of the above embodiment. If, for example, planter sections 10 are installed on the front and back walls of the building 100, the 30 vine plants will grow from both the front and back of the building 100, making it possible to green the same area of the roof in half the time of the above embodiment. 
Figure 7 shows the use of this switch device A. For example,  a wall near the doorway 51 of a toilet 5 0 and is used to turn on/off loads L, such as lighting loads and ventilation fans installed in the toilet. 
In the switch device A, for example,  an on/off detection unit 24 detects on/off of the contact 13 of the switch body 1 by detecting the load current 24, which detects the ON or OFF of the contact 13 of the switch body 1 by detecting the load current, and a predetermined energizing time is timed from the time when the contact 13 switches from OFF to ON based on the detection result of the ON/OFF detection part 24. When the time is up, it outputs a time-up signal, and when the contact 13 switches from on to off during the timekeeping, the timekeeping operation is terminated. The time-up signal of timer 25 is input to signal input section 9 as an interlocking control signal. 
Possible cell surface-localized proteins include α- or a-agglutinin, a yeast sex agglutination protein, FLO proteins (e.g., , FLO1, FLO2 (e.g., , FLO1, FLO2, and FLO4, FLO5, FLO9, FLO10, and FLO9, FLO10, and FLO11), and alkaline phosphatases. 
The load movements performed by the food processing equipment 30 are not limited to the horizontal movement, ascent, and descent of the workpiece as described above, but also include, for example, , rotation, holding, washing, and sterilization of the workpiece. 
U.S. Patent No. 5449519 relates to epidermabrasion or anti-acne compositions in which an epidermabrasion or anti-acne agent (e.g., , salicylic acid) is complexed with PAMAM-type multibranched dendrimers. template>, salicylic acid) complexed with PAMAM-type multibranched dendrimers. 
Examples of oily ingredients include , silicone oils, esters, higher fatty acids, hydrocarbons, waxes, fats, and oils. .
Silicone oils include, for example, , dimethylpolysiloxane, methylphenylpolysiloxane, methylcyclopolysiloxane, octamethylcyclotetrasiloxane, octamethylcyclopentasiloxane, decamethylcyclopentasiloxane, and Methylhydrogenpolysiloxane, etc., which can be used alone or in a mixture of two or more. 
Esters include, for example, , isononyl isononanoate, isopropyl myristate, 2-octyldodecyl myristate, cetyl 2-ethylhexanoate, cetyl 2-ethylhexyl palmitate, neopentyl glycol di-2-ethylhexanoate cetyl 2-ethylhexanoate, 2-ethylhexyl palmitate, neopentyl glycol di-2-ethylhexanoate, tri Glycerol 2-ethylhexanoate, 2-octyldodecyl oleate, Glycerol triisostearate, Tri-2 Pentaerythrythyl tri-2-ethylhexanoate, Glycerol tri-2-ethylhexanoate, 2-octyldodecyl oleate, Diisostearyl malate Diisostearyl malate, glycerol triisostearate, diglyceride 2-ethylhexanoate, etc. can be used alone or in a mixture of two or more. 
Higher fatty acids include, for example, , lauric acid, myristic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid, isostearic acid, oleic acid, and behenic acid, each of which can be used alone or in a mixture of two or more   <end_template 
Hydrocarbons include, for example, , liquid paraffin, liquid isoparaffin, squalane, paraffin, vaseline, sericin, microcrystalline wax, and polyethylene wax, each of which may be used alone or Two or more of these can be used singly or in a mixture. 
Examples of waxes include , carnauba wax, candelilla wax, jojoba oil, beeswax, and lanolin, each of which can be used alone or in a mixture of two or more. 
Fats and oils include, for example, , olive oil, camellia oil, macadamia nut oil, avocado oil, and rice bran, each of which can be used alone or in a mixture of two or more. 
Examples of oxidative dye precursors include , phenylenediamines, aminophenols, diaminopyridines, and their salts such as hydrochloride and sulfate salts. 
Couplers include, for example, , resorcinol, m-aminophenol, p-aminophenol, m -phenylenediamine, p-phenylenediamine, 2,4-diaminophenoxyethanol, 5 2,4-diaminophenoxyethanol, 5-amino-o-cresol, 2-methyl-5- hydroxyethylaminophenol, p-methylaminophenol sulfate, 2,6-diaminopyridine, catechol, pyrogallol, gallic acid, tannic acid and their salts, etc., which can be used alone or in mixtures of two or more. 
Examples of direct dyes include p-nitro orthophenylenediamine, nitro p-phenylenediamine, p-nitrometaphenylenediamine sulfate, 2-amino-5-nitrophenol, and picramic acid. Nitrometaphenylenediamine, 2-amino-5-nitrophenol, and picraminic acid, etc., as well as "tar dyes that may be used in pharmaceuticals, quasi-drugs, or cosmetics. Acid dyes listed in the "Ministerial Ordinance Specifying Tar Dyes Allowed for Use in Drugs, etc." (1966 Notification, Ministry of Health and Welfare), such as , yellow #4 Nitro dyes, such as No. 03 (1), azo dyes, such as No. 205, Yellow No. 4, and Black No. 401, etc. Azo dyes such as No. 01, nitroso dyes such as green No. 401, blue No. 205 No. 401, etc., xanthene dyes such as red No. 106 and yellow No. 202 (1), quinoline dyes such as yellow No. 203, etc. No. 203 and other quinoline dyes, purple No. 401, green No. 20 No. 401 in purple, No. 2021 in green, etc., anthraquinone dyes, indigo dyes such as No. 2 in blue, pyrene tar dyes such as No. 204 in green, etc., and the like. These dyes can be used singly or in mixtures of two or more. 
Examples of urates include , sodium urate, sodium hydrogen urate, potassium urate, potassium hydrogen urate, calcium urate, calcium hydrogen urate, ammonium urate, and ammonium hydrogen urate, each of which may be used alone or These can be used alone or in a mixture of two or more. 
Uric acid derivatives include, for example, , 3-N-methyl uric acid, 3-N -Lauryl uric acid, 7-N-butyl uric acid, 1-N ethyl uric acid, 9-N-lauryl uric acid, 3,7-N -These can be used alone or in a mixture of two or more. 
In the present invention, carbonates such as , ammonium carbonate, ammonium bicarbonate, sodium carbonate, sodium bicarbonate, potassium carbonate, potassium bicarbonate, and guanine carbonate, for example, may be used as necessary, to the extent that they do not interfere with the purpose of the invention, in combination with organic Alkalis can be used in combination with alkalis to the extent that they do not interfere with the purpose of the invention. 
The term "hydrocarbon family" is used in the present invention to include, for example,  alkyl, alkenyl and alkynyl groups. 
The term "alkyl group" refers to linear or branched, saturated hydrocarbon groups and includes, for example, , methyl, ethyl, isopropyl, isobutyl, t-butyl, heptyl, dodecyl, hexadecyl, octadecyl, amyl, 2-ethylhexyl, 2-methylbutyl, 5-methylhexyl, etc. 
These adjustments include "leave-on" and "wash-off" dosage forms and can be used in different types of dosage forms, such as , creams, lotions, gels, oils, dispensing agents, serums, mousses, ointments, sticks, pencils or sprays, and can also be incorporated by techniques known by those skilled in the art It can also be incorporated into different types of solid accessories such as tourettes, hydrogels, adhesive (or non-adhesive) patches or face masks, or into different cosmetic products such as concealers, makeup foundations, toners, makeup removing toners, among others, by techniques known by those skilled in the art. It can also be incorporated into different cosmetic products such as concealers, makeup foundations, lotions, makeup remover lotions, etc. 
This "bicyclic 7- to 12-membered hydrocarbon ring" specifically includes, for example, , bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane, bicyclo[4.1.0]heptane, spiro[2.4]heptane, spiro[2.5]octane hexane, bicyclo[4.1.0]heptane, spiro[2.4]heptane, spiro[2.5]octane  3.0] nonane), bicyclo[3.3.1] nonane, bicyclo[3.2.1] octane, spiro[3.2.1     3] undecane, and perhydroanthracene. 
In the examples or manufacturing examples herein, for example, dihydro-2H-pyran-3(4H)-one [CASNO. (4H)-one [CASNO. 23 462-75-1], (R) -3-tetrahydropyranecarboxyaldehyde [CASNO. 143810-10- 0], (S)-3-tetrahydropyranecarboxyaldehyde [CASNO. CASNO. 22-85-7], (±)-3 -tetrahydropyranecarboxyaldehyde [CASNO.77-77], (±)-3-tetrahydropyranecarboxyaldehyde [CASNO. 342-93-9], 3 -formyl-5,6-dihydro-2H-pyran [CASNO. CASNO.1341. 7-49-7], 2-oxazole carboxyaldehyde [CASNO. CASNO.6537 3-52-6], 6-dimethylamino- 2-pyridine carboxaldehyde [CAS NO. 2 08110-83-2 ], 6-dimethylamino-3-pyridinecarboxyaldehyde [CAS No. 2 08110-83-2], 6-dimethylamino-3-pyridinecarboxyaldehyde [ CAS NO. 1498 05-92-5], 3-methyl 3-methyl-5-isoxazole methanol methanesulfonate [CASNO. 96603-41-7 3-(phenylmethoxy)-1-butanol 4-methylbenzenesulfonate [CASNO. CASNO. 9655 6-29-5], [(2-bromo (1-methylethoxy)methyl]-benzene [CASNO. 135364-12-4], 5-(bromomethyl)benzene [CASNO. 4], 5-(bromomethyl)isoxazole [CAS NO. 69735-35-9 Aldehyde compounds, halogen compounds, and sulfonate compounds such as [CAS NO. 69735-35-9] can be used as raw materials. 
For example, , spray-drying with hot air at 120-200°C, preferably 1-40-190°C, or in air dried with a suitable drying agent, e.g., lithium chloride. For example, , spray-drying at room temperature in air dried with a suitable desiccant, e.g.,  lithium chloride, etc., is possible. . For freeze-drying, the drying plate temperature is 40 to 50°C and the vacuum is 1.0 to 0.01 mmHg. 0.01 mmHg is usually used for freeze-drying. <end_template
The transparent resin layer may contain various additives such as fillers, matting agents, foaming agents, flame retardants, lubricants, antistatic agents, antioxidants, UV absorbers, light stabilizers, radical scavengers, and soft components (e.g., , rubber) as needed. 
Thermosetting resins include, for example, , unsaturated polyester resins, polyurethane resins (including two-component polyurethane), epoxy resins, aminoalkid resins, phenol resins, urea resins, diaryl phthalate resins, melamine resins guanamine resin, melamine-urea co-condensation resin, silicon resin, polysiloxane resin, etc. can be listed. 
When the load-dispersing layer consists of a sheet of fibrous material (e.g., , glass fabric) impregnated and dried with resin, decorative materials for building materials can be manufactured by placing the resin-impregnated glass fabric on top of the wood material and laminating a decorative sheet over it. 
The magnetite particle powder can be obtained, for example, by , by aerating a ferrous salt reaction solution containing ferrous hydroxide colloids obtained by reaction of a ferrous salt solution with an aqueous alkali solution with an oxygen-containing gas. 
Oil base materials include hydrocarbons such as , squalane, liquid paraffin, light liquid isoparaffin, heavy liquid isoparaffin, microcrystalline wax, solid paraffin, etc., silicones such as dimethicone, femethicone, cyclomethicone, amodimethicone, polyether-modified silicone, jojoba oil, carnauba wax, mocrowe, beeswax, isopropyl myllyl oleate, etc. silicones such as dimethicone, femethicone, cyclomethicone, amodimethicone, polyether-modified silicone, esters such as jojoba oil, carnauba wax, mokuro, beeswax, gaylo, octyldodecyl oleate, isopropyl myristate, neopentyl glycol diisostearate, diisostearate malate, stearic acid, laurate fatty acids such as stearic acid, lauric acid, myristic acid, palmitic acid, isostearic acid, isopalmitic acid, behenic acid, and oleic acid, acylamino acids such as acylglutamic acid, acylglycine, acylalanine, acylzalcosine, behenylalcohol, cethanol, oleyl alcohol, and Higher alcohols such as behenyl alcohol, cethanol, oleyl alcohol, octadecyl alcohol, etc., castor oil, coconut oil, hydrogenated coconut oil, camellia oil, wheat germ oil, triglycerides such as isostearic triglyceride, isooctanoic triglyceride, olive oil, etc. can be listed. 
Solvents include, for example, , low alcohols such as ethanol, polyhydric alcohols such as 1,2-pentanediol, 1,2 polyhydric alcohols such as 1,2-pentanediol, 1,2-hexylene glycol, isoprene glycol, ethers and other organic solvents, water, etc. can be listed. 
Polyamino acids and their derivatives such as , polyaspartic acid, ε-polylysine, γ-polyglutamic acid, etc., natural polymer compounds such as collagen and elastin, semisynthetic polymer compounds such as partially deacetylated semi-synthetic polymer compounds such as chitin, synthetic polymer compounds such as carboxymethyl cellulose, etc. 
Powders include, for example, organic powders such as , crystalline cellulose, cross-linked methylpolysiloxane, polyethylene powder, acrylic resin powder, etc., surface-treated powders such as talc, mica, sericite, magnesium carbonate, calcium carbonate, titanium dioxide, iron oxide, navy blue, blue, blue-green, etc., pearlescent pigments such as titanium mica, titanium sericite, silica, etc., particulate compound powders (hybrid fine powder), titanium dioxide-coated mica, etc. Titanium mica, titanium sericite, silica, and other surface-treated powders, fine particle composite powders (hybrid fine powders), pearlescent pigments such as titanium dioxide-coated mica, photochromic pigments, polymeric powders such as nylon powder, N Organic powders such as N-ε-lauroyl-lysine, etc. can be listed. 
Dyes can be, for example, , legal tar dye class 1, legal tar dye class 2, legal tar dye class 3, hair dye, natural dyes, mineral dyes, etc. .
Flavorings can be, for example, , animal flavorings such as musk, vegetable flavorings such as jasmine oil, synthetic flavorings such as α-amyl cinnamaldehyde, and compounded flavorings. .
Transdermal absorption enhancers include, for example, , urea, 2-pyrrolidone, 1-hexanol, 1 octanol, 1-decanol, 1-menthol, sodium lauryl sulfate, isopropyl myristate, n-hexyl acetate, and Oleic acid, etc. can be listed. 
In the present invention, the joint plates (4) can be those normally used in this type of field, such as , bituminous fiber joint plates, resin foam joint plates, rubber foam joint plates, and bituminous joint plates. 
For example, , in Patent Document 1, a decorative sheet having a coating layer, a pattern layer, and a surface protection layer in which an ionizing radiation curable resin composition is cross-linked and cured on the surface of a base material, and in which the pattern layer is configured to have higher penetration of the ionizing radiation curable resin composition than the coating layer (See Patent Document 1, Claims, Fig. 1 and Fig. 2). 
The metal plate can be made of aluminum, iron, stainless steel, or copper, for example, or can be made of these metals by plating or other means. 
The type of synthetic resin beads 6 is not limited, and for example,  acrylic resin beads, styrene resin beads, urethane resin beads, polyester resin beads, etc. can be used, but highly transparent urethane acrylic resin beads and other acrylic resin beads are preferred. 
For example, quinacridone red, isoindolinone yellow, phthalocyanine blue, phthalocyanine green, titanium dioxide, carbon black, and other known pigments for coloring are used as coloring agents. 
In the cured resin layer formed in this way, various additives can be added to impart various functions, such as , high hardness and scratch resistance, so-called hard coat function, anti-fog coat function, anti-fouling coat function, anti-glare coat function, anti-reflection coat function, UV shielding coat function, infrared ray shielding coat function, etc. The infrared ray shielding coat function, etc. can also be added. 
The above anti-blocking agents are not limited to those normally used for decorative sheets, etc. For example, highly transparent inorganic particles such as , silica, alumina, aluminum hydroxide, barium sulfate, talc, calcium carbonate, etc. are suitable. .
The above sublimation dyes are not limited to those conventionally known, such as , diarylmethane dyes; triarylmethane dyes; thiazole dyes; merocyanine dyes; methine dyes such as pyrazolonomethine; indoaniline dyes; and Azomethine dyes such as acetophenone azomethine, pyrazoloazomethine, imidazol azomethine, imidazoazomethine, pyridone azomethine; xanthene dyes; oxazine dyes; cyanomethylene dyes such as dicyanostyrene, tricyanostyrene; thiazine dyes; azine dyes; acridine dyes acridine dyes; benzene azo dyes; azo dyes such as pyridone azo, thiophene azo, isothiazole azo, pyrrole azo, pyral azo, imidazole azo, thiadiazole azo, triazole azo, diz azo; spiropyran dyes; indolinospiropyran dyes; fluorane dyes; rhodamine lactam dyes; naphthoquinone dyes; anthraquinone dyes; quinophthalone dyes, etc. 
Specifically, yellow sublimable dyes include, for example, , Phoron Brilliant Yellow-S-6 GL (trade name of Disperse Yellow 231 manufactured by Sandoz), Macrolex Yellow 6G (trade name of Disperse Yellow 201 manufactured by Bayer AG), etc. Macrolex Yellow 6G (trade name of Disperse Yellow 201 manufactured by Bayer), etc. can be cited. 
Magenta sublimable dyes include, for example, , MS-REDG ( (trade name of Bayer's Disperse Violet 26), etc. .
Cyan dye is used, for example, as , Kayaset Blue 714 (trade name of Solvent Blue 63 manufactured by Nippon Kayaku), Phoron Brilliant Blue S-R (trade name of Disperse Blue 354 manufactured by Sandoz), Vaxolin Phoron Brilliant Blue S-R (trade name of Disperse Blue 354 manufactured by Sandoz), Vaxolin AP-FW (trade name for ICI's Solvent Blue 3 6), etc. can be cited. 
The image A to be formed on the adhesive dye receptive layer 4 in this process includes, for example, , photographs, illustrations, logo marks and other image images, as well as text information, and is not limited to any particular image. .
If the above UV-blocking resin allows most of the excitation light of the fluorescent dye to pass through (e.g., allows light around 366 nm to pass through and cuts off light of shorter wavelengths), it can be included in the protective layer 6 to provide light resistance to the printed material. If the above UV-blocking resin is one that allows most of the excitation light of the fluorescent dye to pass through (e.g., one that allows light around 366 nm to pass through and cuts off light of shorter wavelengths), it can be included in protective layer 6 to provide light resistance to the printed material. 
For example, , a resin obtained by reacting and bonding a reactive UV absorber to a thermoplastic resin or the above ionizing radiation curable resin can be used as the above UV-blocking resin. .
The medium used for the above screening is, for example, , 80 g/L soybean oil and yeast extract 1 g/L, sodium nitrate 1 g/L, potassium dihydrogen phosphate 0.5 g/L, and magnesium sulfate 0.5 g/L. A liquid medium with a composition of 
The amount of microbial strains to be used in the medium, for example, , for inoculation with the bacteria, is 10 to 2 per liter of medium. 00 ml, preferably 50 to 100 ml of seed culture medium or main culture medium. The amount of inoculum used in the culture medium should be the same as that contained in the seed or main culture medium. .
For example, As a means of applying a design to the decorative layer (3), the above synthetic resin paste, synthetic resin emulsion, etc. can be printed on the backing layer paper using known methods such as gravure printing, screen printing, rotary screen printing, letterpress printing, etc. The paper is obtained by printing, foaming, and embossing (unevenness processing) the above synthetic resin paste or synthetic resin emulsion on the backing layer paper by known means such as gravure printing, screen printing, rotary screen printing, and letterpress printing. 
The material of the surface film (5) is not limited as long as it can achieve its purpose, but examples include ethylene vinyl alcohol copolymer film, polyacrylic film, polyacrylonitrile film, polyvinyl chloride film, polyethylene terephthalate film, polypropylene film, polyethylene film, etc. vinyl chloride film, polyethylene terephthalate film, polypropylene film, polyethylene film, etc. 
The backing paper layer (2) is not limited to those commonly used by those skilled in the art, but may include, for example, natural fibers such as , nonwoven fabrics, and pulp; inorganic fibers such as glass fibers, metal fibers, carbon fibers, ceramic fibers, alumina fibers, magnesium silicate fibers, inorganic fibers such as glass fibers, metallic fibers, carbon fibers, ceramic fibers, alumina fibers, magnesium silicate fibers, potassium titanate fibers, silica fibers, synthetic fibers such as polyester, polyamide, polyacrylonitrile, polyvinyl chloride, polyethylene, polypropylene, polyurethane, and the like, or nonwoven fabrics made of natural fibers mixed with inorganic fibers such as glass fibers, metallic fibers, carbon fibers, and synthetic fibers. Fabrics are examples. 
Synthetic fibers used for the backing paper layer (2) are not limited to those commonly used by those skilled in the art, such as , polyester fiber, nylon fiber, polyvinyl chloride fiber, polylactic acid fiber, etc. 
The method of forming the above backing paper is not particularly limited, but examples include , the usual method of making backing paper (manufactured through a beating process, a papermaking process, and a drying process), and the wet method and dry method used in the manufacturing process of nonwoven fabrics, among which the wet method is particularly suitable.   <end_template 
The material of the impermeable film layer is not limited, but can be, for example, , PE, CPP, OPP, PET, PVC OPP, PET, PVC, EVA, PVDC, etc. EVA, PVDC, PVA, EVOH, PC PVA, EVOH, PC, PC, PS (polystyrene), PAN, etc. PS (polystyrene), PAN (polyacrylonitrile) LDPE, MDPE (medium density polyethylene) HDPE, LLDPE (linear low-density polyethylene), etc. polyethylene), etc. can be listed. 
Methods of forming impermeable film layers are not limited, but include, for example, , co-extrusion lamination such as T-die and round-die methods, wet lamination, hot-melt lamination, single, sandwich, tandem, and other extrusion lamination, dry lamination, non-solvent lamination, thermal lamination, etc., with the T-die method being the most suitable. 
As packing materials for ion chromatography, for example, , an anion exchanger in which tertiary amines such as triethylamine and diethylethanolamine are introduced as ion exchange groups has been disclosed (JP 20 No. 01-40032: Patent document 1), and the The ion exchanger can be used to analyze bromic acid with an accuracy of 1 ppb. 
Conventional thickening agents for cosmetics that thicken by their own dissociation are, for example, , carboxyvinyl polymers, 2-acrylamide-2 2-methylpropanesulfonic acid (sometimes abbreviated as AMPS) homopolymer, vinylpyrrolidone/AMPS copolymer, acrylic acid/acrylamide copolymer, and acrylic acid/acrylamide copolymer. AMPS copolymer, acrylamide/AMPS copolymer, sodium acrylate/AMPS copolymer sodium acrylate/AMPS copolymer, sodium acrylate-acrylate amide mixtures, etc. These electrolyte-type thickeners are all thickened by the aforementioned salt. 
Examples of hydrocarbon oils include , liquid paraffin, ozokerite, squalane, pristane, paraffin, selenin, squalene, vaseline, microcrystalline wax, polyethylene wax, and Fischer-Tropsch wax. 
Examples of waxes include , beeswax, candelilla wax, carnauba wax, lanolin, liquid lanolin, and jojoba wax. .
Fatty acid esters include, for example, , myristyl myristate, cetyl palmitate, cholesteryl stearate, and 2-octyldodecyl beeswax fatty acid. .
