As used herein, "plasma-derived blood coagulation proteins" (e.g., "plasma-derived FVIII", "plasma-derived FVII" or "plasma-derived FIX"), or other plasma-derived clotting factors or "plasma-derived includes all forms of proteins found in blood obtained from mammals that have the property of activating the coagulation pathway. <eos>|||8,42,7 42,43,8
The blood coagulation factors of the invention (e.g., , FVIII, FVII, or FVII or FIX), or polynucleotides encoding other blood coagulation factors, are also Polynucleotides encoding, without limitation, (1) under strict ( stringent) hybrid formation conditions. (2) those that hybridize specifically with nucleic acids encoding the reference amino acid sequences described herein and their conserved modified variants, (3) those that hybridize specifically with nucleic acids encoding at least about 25, about 5 0, about 100, about 150, about 20 0, about 250, about 500, about 10 00 or more nucleotides (up to a maximum of 1218 nucleotides full-length sequence of the mature protein). Over a region of about 95%, 96%, 97%, 98%, 99%, 99%, or 99% of the reference nucleic acid sequence described herein, the nucleic acid sequence is approximately 95% or more of the reference nucleic acid sequence described herein. 8%, 97%, 99%, or more nucleotide sequence identity to the reference nucleic acid sequence described herein. <eos>|||8,157,7 157,158,8
Tsubery et al. JBiolChem,. 2004, vol. 279, pp. 38 pp. 118-24) and Shechter et al. (International Publication No. 0 4089280A3). PEG derivatives with degradability (e.g., , hydrolyzable linker) are also intended. <eos>|||25,31,7 31,32,8
In the embodiments described above, the fixing surface 58a was formed on the connecting member 58, but other structures, such as , plate The fixing surface 58a may be formed by machining the edge of the member 59. <eos>|||21,38,7 38,39,8
For example, Patent Literature 1 (Patent Publication No. 2000-2-33480) describes a decorative sheet consisting of a laminated base film layer and a protective film layer, wherein the protective film layer is composed mainly of amorphous polyester resin. No. 33480), a decorative sheet consisting of a laminated base film layer and a protective film layer, the main component of which is amorphous polyester resin, wherein the protective film layer consists of a dicarboxylic acid component comprising terephthalic acid and a 1,4-35 mol% 1,4-ethylenedioic acid component. The protective film layer is composed of a dicarboxylic acid component consisting of terephthalic acid, 25 to 35 mol% 1,4 cyclohexanedimethanol and a diol component consisting of 65 to 75 mol% ethylene glycol, and a crystalline polyester resin 4 0 to 95% by mass and crystalline polyester resin selected from polyethylene terephthalate resin and polybutylene terephthalate resin having crystalline properties5 to 6 This decorative sheet is said to have excellent formability by heat processing and to be able to prevent whitening due to microcracks. <eos>|||2,168,7 168,169,8
The present invention relates to a cooling device for a high-pressure homogenizer, for example, a device for cooling a suspension containing fine raw materials in a liquid or a raw material consisting of a suspension in food, seasoning, beverage, chemical, pharmaceutical, cosmetic, various synthetic resin, etc., compressed under high pressure and passed through an orifice at high speed. The heat generated in the orifice as a heat source by the high-pressure homogenizer, which disperses, emulsifies, crushes, and otherwise processes and subdivides the raw material, is cooled to ensure proper clearance of the fine gap formed in the orifice and to guarantee long operation of the high-pressure homogenizer. <eos>|||14,107,7 107,108,8
For example, , in the standard manner as shown in Figure 1, the pump body 2 is a hollow cylinder 2 sized to allow housing the device according to the invention 1. <eos>|||2,32,7 32,33,8
By the way, various methods have been proposed to obtain these various forms of ZnO materials, such as , hollow For example, in the production of hollow ZnO spheres, the PS (polystyrene) template method, the in-site Zn oxidation method, and the soft template method have been proposed. template method, etc. have been proposed for the production of hollow ZnO spheres. <eos>|||18,60,7 60,61,8
The ZnO-based nanotubes formed according to the present invention are lightweight due to their fine tube shape. In addition to the properties of ZnO itself, the hollow pores of the ZnO nanotubes can be suitably used as a filler in, for example, , cosmetics, drugs, paints, etc. Furthermore, they can be used as a fluorophore and in various applications such as biosensors, carriers, reactors, adsorbents, catalysts, etc. It can be advantageously used as a novel material that can be expected to be applied to various applications such as biosensors, carriers, reactors, adsorbents, and catalysts. <eos>|||42,94,7 94,95,8
In contrast, a method of copolymerizing hydrophobic monomer has been disclosed (see, for example, , Patent Document 7), but the content of hydrophobic monomer that can be copolymerized is limited to 5% by mass of the amount of water-soluble monomer. Thus, it was difficult to copolymerize a large amount of hydrophobic monomer in the reverse layer suspension polymerization method. <eos>|||14,59,7 59,60,8
Other ethylenically unsaturated monomers include, for example, , acrylamides, and glycidyl(meth)acrylate, which can also be used in addition to the hydrophilic and hydrophobic monomers mentioned above, as needed. <eos>|||7,28,7 28,29,8
Specifically, for example, , vinyltrimethoxysilane, vinyltriethoxysilane, gamma-methacryloxypropyltrimethoxysilane, vinyltriacetoxysilane, methyltrimethoxysilane, methyltriethoxysilane, isobutyltrimethoxysilane, dimethyldimethoxysilane, dimethyldiethoxysilane, trimethylmethoxysilane, hydroxypropyltrimethoxysilane, phenyltrimethoxysilane, phenethyltrimethoxysilane, n hexadecyltrimethoxysilane, n-octadecyltrimethoxysilane, etc. can be mentioned. <eos>|||3,24,7 24,25,8
Fatty acids with 6 to 24 carbons may be saturated or unsaturated, which may be used in the present invention, such as caproic acid, caprylic acid, capric acid, lauric acid, myristic acid, palmitic acid, oleic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, stearic acid, arachic acid, etc., preferably straight-chain saturated fatty acids with carbon numbers from 12 to 22. <eos>|||22,57,7 57,58,8
Resin beads with peaks indicating the above three particle groups are, for example, (A) Particle group with a particle diameter of 5 μm or less, (B) Particle group with a particle diameter of 10 to 30 μm, and (C) Particle group with a particle diameter of 30 μm. (B) Particle group with a particle diameter of 10 to 30 μm, and (C) Particle group with a particle diameter of more than 30 μm but less than 50 μm. (C) Particle groups with particle diameters greater than 30 μm and less than or equal to 50 μm can be used. <eos>|||13,99,7 99,100,8
Colorants used with the above resin beads and vehicles include, for example, , inorganic pigments such as carbon black, titanium white, zinc oxide, valence, and dark blue for steel sheets; metallic powder pigments such as aluminum powder and prong powder; titanium dioxide-coated mica, bismuth chloride oxide Pearlescent pigments; fluorescent pigments; luminescent pigments, etc. <eos>|||12,53,7 53,54,8
The pattern layer formed by gravure printing using ink containing resin beads of the invention and gravure plate material having the cell shape of columnar recesses on the transparent resin layer provided in this way as desired can adopt, for example, wood grain pattern, stone grain pattern, sand grain pattern, tiled pattern, brickwork pattern, fabric pattern, skin-drawing pattern, geometric figures, letters, symbols, various abstract patterns, or solid colors on the entire surface, or a combination of these patterns, depending on the intended use of the printed material. The pattern layer formed by gravure printing using gravure plate materials can be, for example, wood grain patterns, stone grain patterns, sand grain patterns, tiled patterns, brickwork patterns, fabric patterns, leather patterns, geometric figures, letters, symbols, various abstract patterns, or solid colors on the entire surface, or a combination of these patterns, etc. <eos>|||41,140,7 140,141,8
This invention relates to amusement machines, for example, , ballistic amusement machines such as Seven machine which combines the features of shuttlecock, shuttlecock, right-of-way machine which combines the features of shuttlecock, or arrange-ball machine which combines the features of shuttlecock. . <eos>|||8,40,7 40,41,8 41,42,8
In this machine, a specified number of balls (e.g., , 15 or 16 balls) are launched to play a single unit of game, and a prize mode is determined from the combination of prize information displayed on the prize information display means during this single unit of game. The prize pattern is determined from the combination of the prize information displayed on the prize information display means during this single unit of play, and the prize game value determined according to the pattern is given to the player. <eos>|||9,88,7 88,89,8
At each construction site, for example, when performing air conditioning installation work, outdoor units are installed on the roof or outdoors, and indoor units are installed inside each room on each floor, and the outdoor units and indoor units are connected with refrigerant piping to complete the air conditioning system. <eos>|||6,50,7 50,51,8
Therefore, the present invention was created to solve the above-mentioned problems and, for example, by vertically installing multiple insulation-coated copper pipes used as gas pipes and liquid pipes in air conditioners, it becomes possible to save installation space to about half of the conventional space and, moreover, to provide various types of piping that can be securely fixed. The purpose of this product is to provide a vertical piping fixture that can be adapted even if there is a slight change in the size of piping, and can securely fix various types of piping. <eos>|||14,94,7 94,95,8
According to claim 1 of the invention, the lower pipe support frame 4 and the upper pipe support frame 5 are designed to simultaneously clamp and fix pipes P1 and P2 of the same or different diameters. This allows the installation space to be reduced to about half of the conventional installation space, for example, gas pipes and liquid pipes used in air conditioners, which are fixed side by side. <eos>|||55,70,7 70,71,8
According to the present invention, for example, by vertically installing a plurality of insulation-coated copper pipes used as gas pipes and liquid pipes in air conditioners, it is possible to save installation space to about half of the conventional space and, moreover, to adapt to various sizes of various pipes and to fix them securely even if the size is changed. Moreover, it can be adapted to various sizes of piping and can be securely fixed even if the size is changed. <eos>|||7,82,7 82,83,8
By forming the lower tube support frame 4 and the upper tube support frame 5 of the strip fitting 1 in this way, it is possible to freely combine insulated coated copper tubes P of different diameters used in air conditioners, for example. (See Fig. 6). <eos>|||39,46,7 46,47,8
（The (a) component is, for example, , phenylbenzimidazole sulfonic acid as NeoHeliopanHydro (Symrise), Eusolex Eusolex 232 (Merck), etc., and phenylene-bis-benzoimidazole tetrasulfonic acid is commercially available in sodium-neutralized form as NeoHeliopanAP (Symrise, Inc.), etc., and these can be suitably used. <eos>|||6,39,7 39,40,8
Examples of waxes include , beeswax, candelilla wax, carnauba wax, lanolin, liquid lanolin, and jojoba wax. . <eos>|||4,16,7 16,17,8 17,18,8
Examples of liquid oils and fats are , avocado oil, camellia oil, turtle oil, macadamia nut oil, corn oil, mink oil, olive oil, rape seed oil, egg yolk oil, sesame oil, persicum oil, wheat germ oil, sasanqua oil, castor oil, horsebean oil, safflower oil, cottonseed oil, eno oil, soybean oil, peanut oil, tea seed oil, kaya oil, rice nuclease oil, jojoba oil, germ oil, and triglycerin. Eno oil, soybean oil, peanut oil, tea seed oil, kaya oil, rice nuka oil, chinese giri oil, japan kiri oil, jojoba oil, germ oil, triglycerin, etc. are examples. <eos>|||7,94,7 94,95,8
Ester oils include, for example, , isopropyl myristate, cetyl octanoate, octyldodecyl myristate, isopropyl palmitate, butyl stearate, hexyl laurate, myristyl myristate, decyl oleate, dimethyl octanoate Hexyldecyl decyl dimethyl octanoate, Cetyl lactate, Myristyl lactate, Lanolin acetate, Isocetyl stearate, Isocetyl isostearate, Cholesteryl 12-hydroxystearate, Di Diisostearyl malate, glycerol di-2-heptylundecanoate, trimethylolpropane tri-2-ethylhexanoate Trimethylolpropane triisostearate, pentaerythritol tetra-2-ethylhexanoate, glyceryl tri-2 Glyceryl ethylhexanoate, Glyceryl trioctanoate, Glyceryl triisopalmitate, Trimethylolpropane triisostearate, Cetyl 2-ethylhexanoate, 2 2-ethylhexyl palmitate, glycerol trimyristate, glycerides tri-2-heptyl undecanoate, castor oil fatty acid methyl esters, oleyl oleate, acetoglycerides, palmitate, glycerides tri-isopalmitate, trimethylol propane triisostearate, cetyl 2-ethylhexanoate, glycerides tri-myristate, glycerides tri-2-heptyl undecanoate, castor oil fatty acid methyl esters, oleoyl Acetoglycerides, 2-heptylundecyl palmitate, diisobutyl adipate, N-lauroyl-L 2-octyldodecyl glutamate, di-2-heptyl undecyl adipate, diisobutyl adipate, di-lauroyl-L-glutamic acid-2-octyldodecyl ester, di-2-heptyl undecyl adipate Ethyl laurate, di-2-ethylhexyl sebacate, 2-hexyldecyl myristate, 2 2-hexyldecyl myristate, 2-hexyldecyl palmitate, 2-hexyldecyl adipate, diisopropyl sebacate, 2-ethylhexyl succinate, triethyl citrate, etc. are examples. <eos>|||5,141,7 141,142,8
UV absorbers include, for example, , cinnamic acid derivatives such as ethylhexyl methoxysilicate, isopropyl methoxysilicate, and isoamyl methoxysilicate; para-aminobenzoic acid (hereinafter referred to as PABA"), ethyl PABA, ethyl dihydroxypropyl PABA, ethylhexyl-dimethyl PABA, ethyl PABA, ethyl dihydroxypropyl PABA, ethylhexyl-dimethyl PABA, glyceryl PABA, etc. PABA derivatives such as homosalate, ethylhexyl salicylate, dipropylene glycol salicylate, TEA salicylate, etc. salicylic acid derivatives such as ethylhexyl salicylate, dipropylene glycol salicylate, TEA salicylate; benzophenone-1, benzophenone-2, benzophenone-3 or benzophenone-3 or oxybenzone, benzophenone-4, benzophenone-5, benzophenone -6, benzophenone-8, benzophenone-9, benzophenone-1 Benzophenone derivatives such as benzophenone-4, benzophenone-5, benzophenone-6, benzophenone-8, benzophenone-9, benzophenone-1,2; 3-benzylidene-shonohydrate, 4-methylbenzylidene-shonohydrate, polyacrylamidomethylbenzylidene-shonohydrate Benzylidene ginseng derivatives; anisotriazine, ethylhexyltriazone, diethihexylbutamidotriazone, 2,4,6-tris(diisobutyl) triazine derivatives such as 2,4,6-tris(diisobutyl-4'-aminobenzalmaronato)-s-triazine; 4-imidazole acrylate Imidazole derivatives such as 4-imidazole acrylic acid ethyl ester, 5-methyl-2phenylbenzoimidazole; drometrizole Drometrizole trisiloxane, phenylbenzotriazole derivatives such as methylenebis(benzotriazolyltetramethylbutylphenol); anthranil derivatives such as menthyl anthranilate; imidazoline derivatives such as ethylhexyl dimethoxybenzylidene dioxoimidazoline propionate Imidazoline derivatives such as imidazoline propionate; benzalmaronate derivatives such as benzalmaronate-functionalized polyorganosiloxane; 1,1-dicarboxy(2,2 4,4-diarylbutadienes such as 1,1-dicarboxy(2,2'-dimethylpropyl)-4,4-diphenylbutadiene. 4,4-diarylbutadiene derivatives such as 1-dicarboxy (2,2'-dimethylpropyl)-4,4-diphenylbutadiene. <eos>|||5,163,7 163,164,8
At this time, for example, if the result of the jackpot judgment is a winner, a production pattern in which the three movable displays 44a, 44b, and 44c are activated simultaneously and violently may be adopted. b, and 44c at the same time, or the pattern in which the three movable displays 44a, 44b, and 44c are activated in sequence is adopted. If the jackpot result is selected, a production pattern in which the three movable displays 44a, 44b, and 44c are activated simultaneously and vigorously is adopted. This can be used to express the so-called "high jackpot reliability" in a dramatic manner. <eos>|||10,103,7 103,104,8
(10) Regarding the placement of the movable decorative element, one embodiment uses a pachinko machine's playing board as an example, but the movable display element may, for example, , be placed inside the front door of a pachinko machine (slot machine). . <eos>|||28,41,7 41,42,8 42,43,8
The "number of axe throws" corresponds to the number of times Gon father character TC throws the stone axe ON (see Fig. 5.6) in a single variation display during the chance direction. For example, , if the pattern of variation number 3 is selected for the chance production and the "number of axe throws" is 2, the "number of axe throws" will be 2. For example, if the pattern of variation number 3, in which the "number of axe throws" is 2 times, is selected during the chance production, the Gon father character TC throws the stone axe ON 2 times in one variation and the "number of axe throws" is 10 times. When the pattern of variation number 23, in which the "number of axe throws" is 10, is selected, the Gon father character TC throws the stone axe ON 10 times in one variation display. TC throws the stone axe ON 10 times in one variable display. <eos>|||34,159,7 159,160,8
Although the above embodiment shows a pachinko machine 1 as a game machine, the present invention can be applied to game machines other than pachinko machines, such as , slot machines, and game machines that are a fusion of a pachinko machine and a slot machine. The invention can be applied to machines other than pachinko machines. <eos>|||28,57,7 57,58,8
UV absorbers include, for example, , para-aminobenzoic acid, octyl-p-methoxycinnamate (2-ethylhexyl -p-methoxycinnamate), glyceryl mono-2-ethylhexanoyl Diparamethoxycinnamate, methyl bis(trimethylsiloxane)silylisopentyl trimethoxysilicate, and other silicicic acid UV absorbers, 2,2'-hydroxy 2,2'-hydroxy-5-methylphenylbenzotriazole, 2-(2'-hydroxy-5'-t-oxo 2-(2'-hydroxy-5'-t-octylphenyl)benzotriazole, 2-( 2'-hydroxy-5'-methylphenylbenzotriazole, 4 4-methoxy-4'-t-butyl dibenzoylmethane, 5-(3,3-dimethylphenyl)benzotriazole (3,3-dimethyl-2-norbornylidene)-3-pentan-2-pentane 3-pentan-2-one, bis-ethylhexyloxyphenol-methoxyphenyl -triazine, 2,4,6-tris[4-(2-(2-(2-ethylhexyloxycarboxylic acid) ethylhexyloxycarbonyl)anilino]1,3,5-triazine, dimorpholinopyridazinone, 2-ethylhexyl 2-ethylhexyl-2-cyano-3,3-diphenylacrylate, etc. <eos>|||5,44,7 44,45,8
UV scattering agents include, for example, , average particle size of 10 to 100 nm powders such as fine titanium dioxide, fine zinc oxide, fine iron oxide, and fine cerium oxide. . <eos>|||6,31,7 31,32,8 32,33,8
Examples of waxes include , beeswax, candelilla wax, carnauba wax, lanolin, liquid lanolin, and jojoba wax. . <eos>|||4,16,7 16,17,8 17,18,8
Examples of hydrocarbon oils include , liquid paraffin, ozokerite, squalane, pristane, paraffin, selenin, squalene, vaseline, microcrystalline wax, polyethylene wax, and Fischer-Tropsch wax. <eos>|||5,22,7 22,23,8
Polyhydric alcohols include , polyethylene glycol, glycerin, diglycerin, 1,3-butylene glycol, erythritol, sorbitol, xylitol, and maltitol, 1,2-pentanediol, and hexylene glycol. <eos>|||3,19,7 19,20,8
The salts of the above agents are not limited, but include, for example, , alkali metal or alkaline earth metal salts such as sodium, potassium, and calcium salts, as well as ammonium and amino acid salts. <eos>|||13,36,7 36,37,8
Liquid oils and fats include, for example, , avocado oil, camellia oil, macadamia nut oil, corn oil, olive oil, rape seed oil, sesame oil, wheat germ oil, sasanqua oil, castor oil, horsebean oil, safflower oil, cottonseed oil, soybean oil, groundnut oil, tea seed oil, rice nuka oil, jojoba oil embryo bud oil, triglycerin, etc. are examples. <eos>|||7,56,7 56,57,8
Solid fats and oils include, for example, , cocoa fat, coconut oil, hardened coconut oil, palm oil, palm kernel oil, mokuro kernel oil, hardened oil, mokuro, hardened castor oil. <eos>|||7,29,7 29,30,8
Waxes include, for example, , beeswax, candelilla wax, carnauba wax, lanolin, lanolin acetate, liquid lanolin, cane wax, isopropyl lanolin fatty acid, hexyl laurate, reduced lanolin, jojoba wax, hard lanolin, serac wax POE lanolin alcohol ether, POE lanolin alcohol acetate, POE POE cholesterol ether, lanolin fatty acid polyethylene glycol, POE hydrogenated lanolin alcohol ether, etc. Examples include <eos>|||4,56,7 56,57,8
Examples of hydrocarbon oils include , liquid paraffin, ozokerite, squalane, pristane, paraffin, selenin, squalene, vaseline, microcrystalline wax, and fisher-tropswax. <eos>|||5,19,7 19,20,8
Higher fatty acids include, for example, , lauric acid, myristic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid, behenic acid, oleic acid, undecylenic acid, isostearic acid, linoleic acid, linoleic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), etc. are examples. <eos>|||6,37,7 37,38,8
Moisturizers include, for example, , polyethylene glycol, propylene glycol, glycerin, 1,3-butylene glycol, xylitol, sorbitol, maltitol, chondroitin sulfate, hyaluronic acid, acetyl hyaluronic acid, mucopolysaccharides such as muco Chondroitin sulfate, hyaluronic acid, acetylated hyaluronic acid, mucopolysaccharides such as mucoitin sulfate and their salts, cholesteryl-12-hydroxystearate, lactic acid, sodium lactate, dl-pyrrolidonecarboxylic acid dl-pyrrolidone carboxylate, trimethylglycine, diglycerin (EO) PO adduct, extract, Ysayoi rosea extract, yarrow extract, merillote extract, etc. are listed. <eos>|||4,66,7 66,67,8
Other than the above water-soluble polymers, examples of thickening agents include , magnesium aluminum silicate, bentonite, organically modified bentonite, hectorite, A1Mg silicate (bee gum), Laponite, and silicic anhydrous acid. <eos>|||11,29,7 29,30,8
Metal ion sequestering agents include, for example, , 1-hydroxyethane-1,1-diphosphonic acid, tetrasodium 1-hydroxyethane-1,1-diphosphonic acid tetrasodium salt, disodium edetate, trisodium edetate, tetrasodium edetate sodium, sodium hexametaphosphate, sodium citrate, sodium polyphosphate, sodium metaphosphate, gluconic acid, phosphoric acid, citric acid, ascorbic acid, succinic acid, edetic acid, trisodium ethylenediamine hydroxyethyl triacetate, etc. <eos>|||7,47,7 47,48,8
Examples of lower alcohols include , ethanol, isopropanol, isobutyl alcohol, t-butyl alcohol, etc. . <eos>|||5,13,7 13,14,8 14,15,8
The aforementioned cosmetics are specifically, but not limited to, foundation cosmetics, makeup cosmetics, or body cosmetics, for example. <eos>|||9,18,7 18,19,8
The above programs, etc., may be obtained from, for example, , other servers, etc., via the network NW, or they may be recorded on a disk DK (recording medium) such as CD-ROM and stored in the drive section 1. The various programs, etc. described above may be obtained from other servers, etc. via the network NW, or they may be recorded on a disk DK (recording medium) such as CD-ROM and read via drive section 1 4, or it may be recorded on a disk DK (recording medium) such as CD-ROM and read via the drive section 1.4. <eos>|||10,98,7 98,99,8
The lodging reservation status includes, for example, , the lodging reservation date and the member ID of the user who registered the reservation for each room (changes according to the user's reservation registration). <eos>|||7,33,7 33,34,8
The accommodation reservation information includes, for example, , the facility ID of the accommodation facility for which the user has registered a reservation, and the date of the accommodation reservation (changes according to the user's reservation registration). <eos>|||7,37,7 37,38,8
It is also possible to specify the stamp display area on the stamp card image where the thin stamp image is to be displayed (e.g., , in order of decreasing serial number), and register the information indicating that the thin stamp image is to be displayed in the specified stamp display area in the stamp management information specified above. The information indicating that a thin stamp image is displayed in the stamp display area specified above may be registered in the stamp management information specified above. <eos>|||25,86,7 86,87,8
Among the stamp display areas on the stamp card image where the light stamp image is to be displayed, the stamp display areas where the dark stamp image is to be displayed may be identified (e.g., , in order of decreasing serial number), and information indicating that the dark stamp image is to be displayed in the identified stamp display areas instead of the light stamp image may be registered in the stamp management information identified above. The information indicating that a dark stamp image is to be displayed instead of a light stamp image in the stamp display area identified above may be registered in the stamp management information identified above. <eos>|||36,112,7 112,113,8
If the travel agency server 1 consists of, for example, a , an accommodation reservation registration server and a card image provision server, the card image provision server will recognize the above reservation registration by receiving a notice of completion of the reservation registration process executed by the accommodation reservation registration server via a communication means such as LAN. The card image server recognizes the above reservation registration by receiving a notification of the completion of the reservation registration process executed by the accommodation reservation registration server via LAN or other communication means, and performs the process from step S31 onward. <eos>|||11,101,7 101,102,8
As a precondition for this operation, the terminal device 3-j of the user, who is a member, is connected to the travel agency server 1 and logged in to the accommodation reservation registration site, and said terminal device The terminal device 3-j is loaded with the stamp accumulation confirmation screen (as described above, the URL of the confirmation screen is displayed in the e-mail sent by the travel agency server 1) according to the user's operation instructions. The URL may be, for example, clicked with the mouse) is displayed in accordance with the user's operation instructions. (which may be displayed by mouse click) <eos>|||83,96,7 103,104,8
In such a state of displaying the stamp accumulation confirmation screen, when the user of terminal device 3-j operates the operation unit and specifies the name of the accommodation facility pertaining to the stamp card image that he/she wishes to view (e.g., ) When the user clicks with the mouse, terminal device 3-j starts the process shown in Figure 9(a) and displays the facility ID of the accommodation facility in question (this facility ID is the one displayed on the screen). The terminal device 3-j starts the process shown in Figure 9(A), acquires the facility ID (this facility ID is not displayed, but is associated with the name of the accommodation facility) of the accommodation facility in question, and sends the stamp card image The viewing request information (an example of request information indicating a request for a card image) is sent to the travel agency server 1 via the network NW (step S8 1). <eos>|||42,155,7 155,156,8
According to the above characteristic configuration, for example, , even in the case of adopting a construction method in which a plurality of decorative covers forming a piping arrangement passageway are installed in advance along a piping arrangement route between a planned indoor unit installation position and a planned outdoor unit installation position, by installing a blocking element in a decorative cover corresponding to a specific position such as the outermost end suitable for pest control or odor control, etc. in the arrangement passageway connecting the outdoor side to the indoor side constituted by connecting the plurality of decorative covers, a blocking element can be installed in the decorative cover. Even when a construction method in which multiple decorative covers are pre-installed to form a piping distribution route along the piping distribution route between the planned locations of piping installation is adopted, the intrusion of harmful insects and the inflow of foul odors can be controlled by installing a barrier in the decorative cover corresponding to a specific position such as the outermost edge suitable for insect control and odor control, among the distribution routes connecting the outside to the inside of the room that are formed by the connection of the multiple decorative covers. <eos>|||8,205,7 205,206,8
The straight joint cover A3 is selectively fitted with a cosmetic cover blocker B that closes or nearly closes the passageway R of the straight joint cover A3. The blocker B for the cosmetic cover has a contour shape identical or similar to the cross-sectional contour shape of the specific part of the inner surface of the straight joint cover A3 where the restriction pieces 3D, 4D are formed. The blocker B for the cosmetic cover is provided with a blocker 6 made of elastically deformable synthetic resin (e.g., , polypropylene foam foamed into a board shape) or paper, which is configured in a contour shape identical or close to the contour shape of the section where the restriction pieces 3D, 4D, which are specific portions of the inner circumference of the linear joint cover A3, are formed. A3, or the other side of the connection port, by engaging with the control pieces 3D, 4D located on one side of the connection port. The shutoff body 6 is provided with a posture maintaining means 7 that maintains the shutoff body 6 in the shutoff posture by engaging with the regulatory pieces 3D, 4D located on the one connection port side or the other connection port side of the straight joint cover A3. <eos>|||89,212,7 212,213,8
In a lid opening/closing device installed in the interior of an automobile, for example, the entire opened lid is tucked away from the design surface of the center console or other front surface in a horizontal position, so that the lid does not get in the way and is not visible when the lid is open. There is also a desire to improve the design by creating a flat surface. <eos>|||35,70,7 70,71,8
