When carboxy vinyl polymer or alkyl acrylate copolymer is used as a thickening polymer, it is usually neutralized with a basic substance. Examples of basic substances include alkanolamines such as  triethanolamine and monoethanolamine, inorganic bases such as ammonia, sodium hydroxide and potassium hydroxide, and basic amino acids such as arginine. The amount of basic substances added should be sufficient to neutralize carboxy vinyl polymer and alkyl acrylate copolymer, and can be mixed according to the type and amount of these ingredients used. 
N-[3-alkyl(12,14)oxy-2-hydroxypropyl]-L-arginine hydrochloride can also be used commercially. 2-hydroxypropyl]-L-arginine hydrochloride can also be used commercially. For example, Amisafe LMA-60 (trade name, manufactured by Ajinomoto Co., Ltd.) can be used as an example. Amisafe LMA-60 (trade name, manufactured by Ajinomoto) can be used as an example. Commercially available 1-(2-ethylhexyl)glyceryl ether may also be used. Specifically, for example, . SENSIVASC5 0 (trade name, manufactured by Schulke & Mayr). (trade name, manufactured by Schulke & Mayr) can be used as an example. 
The shape of the sheet base material is not limited as long as it is molded according to the area to be used. For example,  square, rectangle, trapezoid, diamond, circle, oval, semicircle, crescent, barrel, and drum shapes can be used as examples. Furthermore, sheets with the above shapes may be molded with cutouts, hollowed-out areas, concavoconvex areas, etc. 
When a sheet-like base material is impregnated with the above composition in advance and stored in a packaging, the packaging used is not particularly limited, but it is preferable to use a packaging that can prevent volatilization of the components in the composition to be impregnated. For example, a resin packaging with a metallic layer laminated or vapor-deposited on the inner surface of the  can be used as an example of such a packaging. Although the number of sheets of the skin pack cosmetic inside the packaging is not particularly limited, it is preferable that each sheet be individually packaged from the viewpoint of preventing volatilization of the ingredients in the composition to be impregnated. On the other hand, when the above composition is impregnated into the sheet base material immediately before use, the packaging used and the number of sheets contained are not particularly limited. 
The present invention provides a hair cosmetic that has a refreshing initial feel and suppresses stickiness and stiffness in the hair. The hair cosmetic is suitable for use as a  hairdressing agent or hair treatment, for example. 
Solid oils that meet said melting point requirements include, for example,  beeswax, candelilla wax, cotton wax, carnabar wax, bayberry wax, warty wax, whale wax, montan wax, mocrow, nucrow, lanolin, acetic acid lanolin, liquid lanolin, reduced lanolin, hard lanolin, capoc wax, cotton wax, sugar cane wax, jojoba wax, serac wax, and other waxes can be listed. Among these waxes, carnauba wax or candelilla wax is suitable. 
Higher alcohols with 16 or more carbon atoms, and especially suitable higher alcohols with 18 or more carbon atoms, are also included as such solid oils. It is also suitable to be a straight-chain higher alcohol that has no branched structure in the alkyl chain and no unsaturated bonds. Examples of such linear saturated higher alcohols include cetyl alcohol (16 carbon atoms), stearyl alcohol (18 carbon atoms), behenyl alcohol (22 carbon atoms), etc. (carbon atom number 22), etc. can be mentioned. Also exemplified are higher fatty acids such as behenic acid, stearic acid, and palmitic acid; glycerides such as glycerol monostearate, glycerol distearate, and eicosanedioic acid behenate; glycerol monoalkyl ethers such as glycerol monostearyl ether. Other examples include  paraffin wax, microcrystalline wax, ceresin, lunasera, polyethylene, ozokerite, isopropyl lanolin fatty acid, POE lanolin alcohol ether, POE lanolin alcohol acetate, POE cholesterol ether, lanolin fatty acid polyethylene glycol, fatty acid glycerides, hardened castor oil, coconut oil, palm oil, vaseline, beeswax, etc. are examples. 
Liquid oils are oils that are liquid at room temperature of 15-30°C, such as amani oil, camellia oil, macadamia nut oil, corn oil, mink oil, olive oil, avocado oil, sasanqua oil, castor oil, safflower oil, myonin oil, cinnamon oil, jojoba oil, grape oil, sunflower oil, and almond oil.  Triglycerin, glycerol trioctanoate, and glycerol triisopalmitate are examples. 
In addition, octanoates such as cetyl octanoate, isooctanoates such as glycerol tri-2-ethylhexaenoate, glycerol tetra-2-ethylhexanoate, glycerol tetra-2-ethylhexanoate isooctanoic acid esters such as cetyl octanoate, isooctanoic acid esters such as glycerin tri-2-ethylhexaenoate, pentaerythritic acid, lauric acid esters such as hexyl laurate, myristic acid esters such as isopropyl myristate, octyldodecyl myristate, palmitic acid esters such as octyl palmitate, stearic acid esters such as isocetyl stearate Isostearic acid esters such as Isopropyl isostearate, Isopalmitic acid esters such as Octyl isopalmitate, Oleic acid esters such as Isodecyl oleate, Adipic acid diesters such as Diisopropyl adipate, Sebacic acid diesters such as Diethyl Sebacate, Malic acid Ester oils such as diisostearyl malate, diisostearyl sebacate, and diisostearyl malate can be listed as liquid oils above. Liquid silicone oils at room temperature, such as chain silicones such as  dimethylpolysiloxane, methylphenylpolysiloxane, methylhydrogenpolysiloxane, octamethylcyclotetrasiloxane, decamethylcyclopentasiloxane, and Dodecamethylcyclohexasiloxane and other cyclic silicones, amino-modified silicone oils, polyether-modified silicone oils, carboxy-modified silicone oils, alkyl-modified silicone oils, ammonium salt-modified silicone oils, fluorinated silicone oils, etc. can be listed as liquid oil components above. 
Such water-soluble polymers include, for example, plant polymers such as  gum arabic, tragacanth gum, galactan, carob gum, guar gum, karaya gum, carrageenan, pectin, canten, quince seed (malmelo), algae colloid (brown seaweed extract) dextran, succinoglucan, pullulan, etc., animal polymers such as collagen, casein, albumin, gelatin, methylcellulose, nitrocellulose, ethylcellulose, methylhydroxypropylcellulose, hydroxyethylcellulose, cellulose sulfate sodium, hydroxypropyl cellulose, sodium carboxymethylcellulose, crystalline cellulose, cellulose powder, etc., alginate polymers such as sodium alginate, propylene glycol alginate ester, polyvinyl alcohol Polyvinyl polymers such as polyvinyl alcohol, polyvinyl methyl ether, polyvinyl pyrrolidone, carboxyvinyl polymer, alkyl modified carboxyvinyl polymer, polyoxyethylene polymers, polyoxyethylene polyoxypropylene copolymer, sodium polyacrylate, polyethyl acrylate polyacrylamide, etc., polyethyleneimine, cationic polymers, bentonite, magnesium aluminum silicate, Laponite, hectorite, anhydrous silicic acid, and other inorganic water-soluble polymers, etc. can be listed. 
In addition to the above, other water-soluble ingredients can be included in the aqueous solvent according to the specific purpose, such as ascorbic acid and its derivatives, tranexamic acid and its derivatives and other water-soluble agents, UV absorbing agents, chelating agents, and pH adjusters, preservatives, dyes, fragrances, etc. can be included. 
Typical commercial products of polymeric silicones are, for example,  polymerization degree p between 5000 and 8 For example, a typical commercial product is Silicone G-20 (20CS dissolved product), which contains 20% highly polymerized dimethylpolysiloxane with a degree of polymerization p of 5000-8000 and 80% liquid dimethylpolysiloxane with a degree of polymerization of about 26. Silicone G-20 (20CS dissolved product) containing 80% (Shin-Etsu Chemical Co. Ltd.: abbreviated as G-20 in this document), etc. 
Typical commercial products of highly polymerized dimethiconol are, for example,  X F49-C2070 with a degree of polymerization r of about 7000, as well as X65- with a r of about 7000. C2070 (manufactured by GE Toshiba Silicones Corporation), etc., with a degree of polymerization of approximately 7,000. 
The content composition is melted as described above at a temperature above its melting point, generally around 70°C, and introduced as a liquid under agitation into an aqueous solvent prepared at a temperature substantially the same as that temperature. Agitation is carried out at a relatively low speed, specifically at a rotational speed of 10 to 1500 rpm, preferably 20 to 300 rpm. ～to 300 rpm, and can be performed using a propeller, baddle mixer, or the like. The introduction of the content composition into the aqueous solvent can be performed by injecting the content composition into the aqueous solvent, suitably directly from the bottom of the aqueous solvent, using an injection means such as a  feed pump. In this way, liquid particles of the content composition can be formed in the aqueous solvent by introducing the content composition into the aqueous solvent under agitation. The mixture of the aqueous solvent and the content composition is then further cooled to room temperature under agitation, so that the solid oil content in the oily particles, which is below its melting point temperature, precipitates on the particle surface, as described above. As a result, the desired oily capsule film with an average particle system of 0.05 to 10 mm is formed in the aqueous solvent. Next, the aforementioned polyhydric alcohols, alkyl-modified carboxy vinyl polymers, and polymer silicones are suitably added to the system, emulsified in the usual manner, and neutralized with an alkali to the addition of the alkyl-modified carboxy vinyl polymers. This hair cosmetic can be produced by such processes. 
This hair cosmetic is suitable for use as a  hairdressing agent or hair treatment, but can also be used as a hair rinse or hair conditioner. When used as a hair conditioner, both waxes and higher alcohols can be used as the solid oil component, but it is suitable to contain at least waxes, so that a refreshing feeling can be felt in the initial stage of use due to the emulsified phase of the outer phase, and then by rubbing the oil particles into the hair After that, by rubbing the oily particles into the hair, it is possible to perform hair dressing. Stickiness and stiffness are alleviated during hairdressing. When used as a hair treatment, hair rinse, or hair conditioner, waxes and higher alcohols are both suitable as solid oils, and cationic surfactants and low-molecular-weight silicones are suitable as auxiliary ingredients in the oily particles. For example, gels, creams, and even multi-layered formulations are suitable as formulations for this hair treatment, but are not limited to these. A hair treatment is a product formulation that further penetrates ingredients into the hair to supplement the hair with oil, moisture, and protein, and is intended to make the hair shiny, bouncy, and supple, compared to rinses and conditioners. 
In this type of pressure rice cooker, a pressurized state in which the pressure in the rice cooker is higher than atmospheric pressure is generated during the rice cooking process (this state is called a pressurized rice cooker state), and the pressure can be controlled to a predetermined value by a pressure regulator valve. Conventionally, this type of pressure rice cooker lid is equipped with a synthetic resin lid ring member to which a heater cover made of a metal plate is attached on the lower side, an upper lid member that covers the upper side of the lid ring member, and a reinforcing plate attached to the upper side of the lid ring member (see, for example,  in Patent Document 1). (e.g., Patent document 1). 
The heater cover has an electric heater attached to the top end and is screwed to the lid ring member. The heater cover may also be screwed to the upper lid member through a through hole in the lid ring member (e.g., Patent document 2). 
The pressure regulating valve 70, etc. can be of any valve type as long as it is possible to control the opening and closing operation of the valve plug from outside the room. For example, the pressure regulating valve 70 incorporated in the  pressure regulating valve installation chamber 100 consists of a ball valve that closes the valve hole 72 by the dead weight of the ball valve plug 71, and the ball valve plug 71 is connected to the valve seat 73. The valve plug 71 is positioned between the valve seat 73 and the valve chamber member 74 to prevent it from being dislodged from the seat 73. The ball valve plug 71 is positioned between the valve seat 73 and the valve chamber member 74 so that it cannot be dislodged from the valve seat 73. 
For example, In this embodiment, as shown in Figures 1, 2, and 5, the upper lid member in the vicinity of the valve train 80 40 and the push-fit portion of the lid ring member 30 cannot be set up. Therefore, the heater cover 50 is screwed to the lid ring member 30 on the front side of the packing 130. The heater cover 50 is screwed to the lid ring member 30 on the front side of the packing 130. This allows the heater cover 50 and the cover ring member 30 to be fastened with screws in one place while the packing 130 and 140 are fastened with screws on the front side. Even if deformation occurs on the front side of the packing 130, 140, and 140 over time, the heater cover can be pulled by the screw fastening force of the screw fastening portion 160 to the packing 130 and 140. Even if deformation occurs on the front side of the packing 130, 140, the gap on the front side of the packing 130, 140 is prevented from expanding by pulling the packing 50. The screw fastening portion 160 is located at a single point. The screw retainer 160 may be located at a single location, or it may be located on both sides of the pressure regulating valve installation chambers 100, 1 10, corresponding to the left and right lined up. The 160 is located on the front side of both packings 130 and 140, which are arranged on both sides corresponding to the left and right side of the pressure regulating valve installation chambers 100, 1 10. It is located and can be balanced to work for each of them. 
The term "matrix" refers to a medium, in which the sensory attractant and edible polymer are dispersed, allowing for potential chemical and/or physical interaction between these two components. For example, but not limitatively, polymers such as pectin interact with the sensory attractant both chemically and/or physically, allowing for sustained or controlled release of the sensory attractant from the composition. The matrix can be non-granular so that the sensitizer is dispersed in the polymer, as opposed to the granular sphere wrapping of the sensitizer. For example,  in some cases, the sensory-attractant can be encapsulated in the polymer. The dispersion of the sensitizer in the polymer can be homogeneous or uniform, or it can be a non-homogeneous dispersion of the components. 
The edible polymer that interacts with the sensory elicitor to provide control of its release into the oral cavity can be any of the conventional polymers used in edible compositions, which can be hydrated or swollen. In some aspects of the invention a flat body is included, which can be a wetting flat body or a swelling agent. The wetting flat is desirably providing a sufficient amount of moisture or liquid to hydrate and/or dissolve the edible polymer. The swelling agent preferably provides a sufficient amount of moisture or liquid to swell the edible polymer. For example, for simple sugars such as  glucose and sucrose, the wetting flat or swelling agent is present in an amount of about 5 to about 95% by weight of the hydrated or swollen edible polymer component. For larger polymers such as pectin and carboxymethylcellulose, the wetting flat or swelling agent is present in amounts from about 20 to about 99.9% by weight of the hydrated or swollen edible polymer component. 9 % by weight of the hydrated or swollen edible polymer component. For pectin and other hydrocolloids and polysaccharides, for example,  wetting flats are present in amounts from about 85 to about 99.5% by weight of the hydrated edible polymer component. For example, the  wetting agent can be water present in an amount of about 85 to about 99.5% by weight of the hydrated edible polymer component. Suitable wetting flats or swelling agents include, but are not limited to, water, organic solvents, and plasticizers such as  low melting point fats. Preferably, the wetting flatteners hydrate the polymer to form a gel or similar semi-solid consistency. 
General categories of suitable polymers include, for example,  sugars, proteins, glycoproteins, oligoproteins, fats and waxes. Combinations of polymers can also be used. 
Useful proteins can be selected from a variety of materials. Suitable proteins include, for example: gelatin; casein and caseinates; milk plasma proteins; soy proteins; wheat proteins; corn proteins; barley proteins; egg proteins; muscle proteins; proteins from other legumes and tubers; and combinations thereof. Glycoproteins include, for example,  chondroitin, glucosaminoglycans, and lectins. Glycolipids can also be used. 
Fats include both saturated and unsaturated fats. Waxes include, for example,  beeswax, carnauba wax, low melting point paraffin, shellac, candelilla wax, microcrystalline and synthetic waxes. 
Combinations of edible polymers can also be used in some cases. For example, a blend of  hydrophilic and hydrophobic polymers can be used. Hydrophilic polymers allow for a quicker impact of sensation in the oral cavity, while hydrophobic polymers can provide a more delayed impact, as well as a longer-lasting sensation. Therefore, a combination of the two polymers can be used to balance these properties, i.e., to achieve a quick impact as well as a sustained sensation. Suitable combinations include, for example,  hydrophilic proteins and hydrophobic waxes. 
Polymer viscosity and molecular weight can also affect sensory impact. In general, the viscosity of edible polymers ranges from about 2 cP to about 100,00 0cP range. For example, the viscosity of  pullulan is about 2 cP, and the viscosity of carboxymethylcellulose can reach 20,0 The viscosity of xanthan gum ranges from about 10 cP to about 100,000 cP, and the viscosity of pectin and Welan gum can be as high as several thousand cP. Polymer viscosity varies with many properties, such as concentration in solution, the shear rate to which the polymer solution is subjected and its behavior under shear (Newtonian, non-Newtonian, viscoelastic, etc.), temperature, and the presence of ions, among others. Polymers with lower viscosities generally provide a relatively shorter impact of sensation, whereas polymers with higher viscosities provide a relatively longer lasting impact. Accordingly, some aspects of the invention combine low and high viscosity polymers to balance the properties of sensory attractants, including sensory impact and persistence. 
The molecular weight of the edible polymer can range anywhere from about 180 to several million Daltons for high molecular weight polymers. The molecular weight of pullulan, for example, can range from 95,000 to 12 4,000 (for pullulan P100 and pullulan P1200). The molecular weight of pectin ranges from 90,000 Daltons for citrus pectin to 13,500 Daltons for red tomato pectin. 5,000 daltons for red tomato pectin, or even higher. The molecular weight of proteins can range from a few hundred (simple peptides) to a million (e.g.,  myosin) Daltons. High molecular weight polymers, especially pectin, generally provide slower release of the sensory attractant into the oral cavity. 
A wide variety of well-known cooling agents can be used in this oral composition. For example, among the useful coolants are, among others, menthol, xylitol, erythritol, menthane, menthone, menthyl acetate, menthyl salicylate, N,2,3 -trimethyl-2-isopropylbutanamide (WS-2 3), N-ethyl-p-menthane-3- carboxamide (WS-3), menthyl succinate, 3,1-menthoxypropane -1,2-diol and glutaric acid esters and combinations thereof. These and other suitable coolants are further described in the following U.S. patents, all of which are referred to herein in their entirety: U.S. Patents 4,23 U.S. Patent Nos. 4,232,688 and 4,032,661 by Rowselletal. U.S. Patent Nos. 4,459,423 and 4,032,661 by Rowselletal; U.S. Patent No. 4,459,423 by Amanoetal. U.S. Patent Nos. 4,459,423 and 4,032,661 by Rowselletal; U.S. Patent Nos. 4,136,163 by Watsonetal. and U.S. Patent No. 5,266,592 by Grubetal. Physiologic coolants can also enhance the sensation of warmth perceived by the user, and hence combinations of warming and cooling agents can be used in some cases. 
A potentiator component can be added to enhance the user's perception of warmth, coolness, or stinging. The addition of potentiator components allows for lower levels of sensation-attracting agents to be present without compromising the desired sensory intensity. Such ingredients include, for example,  ionic potentiating ingredients. Ionic enhancers include inorganic cations such as magnesium, calcium, potassium, and aluminum; phosphite and combinations thereof. Ionic enhancers function by altering the ionic concentration of the user's saliva and subsequently enhancing diffusion through the mucosa. Because oral receptors are highly ion-sensitive, messages of warmth, coolness, or stinging are delivered to the brain more rapidly than in the absence of these ionic components. 
A wide variety of customary ingredients, such as coloring agents, antioxidants, preservatives, etc., can also be included in the confectionery composition in effective amounts. The coloring agents can be used in effective amounts to provide the desired color. The coloring agent can include pigments, which can be incorporated in up to about 6% by weight of the composition. For example,  titanium dioxide can be incorporated up to about 2%, preferably less than about 1%, by weight of the composition. Colorants can also include natural food colors and dyes suitable for food, pharmaceutical and cosmetic applications. These colorants are known as F. D. & C. dyes and rakes. The aforementioned substances acceptable for use are preferably water soluble. Exemplary non-limiting examples include the disodium salt of 5,5-indigotine disulfonic acid, F.D.&C. Blue No. 2, an indigoid dye known as No. 2. Similarly, the dye known as F.D.&C. Green No. 1 contains a triphenylmethane dye and 4-[4-(N-ethyl-p sulfonium benzylamino)diphenylmethylene]-[1-(N-ethyl-N N-ethyl-N-p-sulfonium benzylamino)-diphenylmethylene]-[1-(N-ethyl-N-p-sulfonium benzyl)-delta-2,5 cyclohexadieneimine] monosodium salt. The complete references for all F. D. & C. colorants and their corresponding chemical structures are found in the Kirk-OtmerEncyclopediaofChemicalTechnology, referenced herein, 3rdEdition, Volume 5, pages 857-884. 
In some cases, and especially in confectionery compositions, the edible polymer used is preferably pectin. Pectin is a water-soluble polysaccharide customarily used in a variety of food products as a gelling agent. High molecular weight pectins (e.g.,  about 9,000 Daltons to about 160,000 Daltons) are attractive to the senses in the oral cavity. 000 Daltons) have been found to be very effective in sustaining the release of sensory triggering agents in the oral cavity. 
Thus, pectin can be incorporated into the confectionery composition in sufficient quantities to prolong the release of the sensory attractant so that the sensation is perceived by the user within about 2 seconds to about 30 minutes. Generally, the lozenge or candy is substantially exhausted by the user within about 15 minutes. However, lozenges and candies can be adapted to smaller or larger amounts to vary the burnout time. During the burnout, the user perceives the desired sensations in the mouth, throat, and upper gastrointestinal tract within about 2 to 45 seconds. The user perceives this sensation continuously for up to about 4 minutes after the confection is substantially exhausted, or longer, e.g.,  up to about 15 minutes (i.e., aftertaste sensation). 
To achieve such a controlled release of the sensory attractant, pectin can be incorporated within some confectionery forms in amounts of from about 0.2 to about 0.4% by weight. Amounts of pectin below about 0.2% by weight (e.g.,  about 0.1% by weight) or above about 0.4% by weight The use of pectin in amounts less than about 0.2% by weight (e.g.,  about 0.1% by weight) or greater than about 0.4% by weight can also have an effect on the sustained release of sensory triggers, but these amounts do not help prolong effective aftertaste sensation. For example, as seen in Figures 1-7, the use of pectin in the range of about 0.2 to about 0.4 weight percent, especially The use of pectin at 0.3% by weight prolongs the aftertaste sensation for at least 1 to 3 minutes after the confectionery composition is substantially exhausted. 
In accordance with the present invention, the flattener (e.g.,  bulking sweetener) and solvent (e.g.,  water) are mixed in a mixing vessel to form a slurry. The slurry is heated to about 70°C to 120°C to dissolve any sweetener crystals or particles to form an aqueous solution. Once dissolved, the batch is cooked by applying heat and possibly vacuum, and the water is boiled until less than about 4% residual moisture is achieved. For example, a  batch cooker can be used. The batch changes from a crystalline to an amorphous or glassy phase. The sensory attractant composition and flavoring agent are then mixed into the batch by a mechanical mixing operation, along with any other additives that may be present, such as coloring agents. The batch is then cooled to about 70°C to 10°C to achieve a semi-solid or plastic-like consistency. 
The elastomer (rubber) used in the gum base will vary greatly depending on such diverse factors as the type of gum base desired, the consistency of the gum composition desired, and other components of the composition to produce the final chewing gum product. Elastomers can be any of the insoluble polymers known in the art, and include the gum polymers utilized in chewing gum and bubble gum. Exemplary examples of polymers suitable for gum bases include both natural and synthetic elastomers. For example, polymers suitable for  gum base compositions include, without limitation, chicle, natural rubber, crowngum, nispero, rosidinha, jelutong, perillo Natural substances (of plant origin) such as perillo, nigergutta, tunu, balata, guttapercha, lechicapsi, sorva, guttakay and mixtures thereof Examples of synthetic elastomers include, but are not limited to Examples of synthetic elastomers include, but are not limited to, styrene-butadiene copolymer (SBR), polyisobutylene, isobutylene-isoprene copolymer, polyethylene, polyvinyl acetate polyethylene, polyvinyl acetate, and mixtures thereof. 
Gum bases can also contain plasticizers and softeners to provide a variety of desired texture and consistency characteristics. Because these ingredients are of low molecular weight, plasticizers and softeners can penetrate the underlying structure of the gum base, making it plastic and less viscous. Useful plasticizers and softeners include lanolin, palmitic acid, oleic acid, stearic acid, sodium stearate, potassium stearate, glyceryl triacetate, glyceryl lecithin, glycerol monostearate, propylene glycol monostearate, acetylated monoglycerides and glycerin, and mixtures thereof. Waxes, such as  natural and synthetic waxes, hydrogenated vegetable oils, petroleum waxes such as polyurethane waxes, polyethylene waxes, paraffin waxes, microcrystalline waxes, fat waxes, sorbitan monostearate, tallow, propylene glycol, and mixtures thereof, etc., can also be incorporated into the gum base. Plasticizers and softeners are generally used in the gum base in amounts up to about 20% by weight of the gum base, and more specifically in amounts from about 9% to about 17% by weight of the gum base. 
A variety of customary ingredients, such as flavoring and coloring agents, antioxidants, preservatives, etc., as described above, can be included in the gum base in effective amounts, as applicable. For example, titanium dioxide and other dyes suitable for food, pharmaceutical and cosmetic applications, known as F.D.&C. dyes, can be utilized. Butylhydroxytoluene (BHT), butylhydroxyanisole (BHA), propyl gallate, and antioxidants such as vitamin E and their mixtures can also be included. Other customary chewing gum additives known to those skilled in the chewing gum field can also be used in the gum base. 
Chewing gum compositions may contain customary additives selected from the group consisting of sweetening agents, plasticizers, softeners, emulsifiers, waxes, fillers, bulking agents (carriers, extenders, bulking sweeteners), mineral adjuvants, flavoring and coloring agents as discussed above, antioxidants, acidifiers, thickening agents, pharmaceuticals and the like, and mixtures thereof and mixtures thereof. Some of these additives can serve more than one purpose. For example, in a  sugar-free gum composition, sweeteners such as maltitol or other sugar alcohols can also serve as bulking agents. 
Non-human species have a variety of human-derived MHC (major histocompatibility gene antigen) molecules, and thus the immune response to a protein injected into a test animal will not reflect the predicted immune response to the same protein that humans have Current methods for testing pharmacological protein candidates for potential immunogenicity in humans are inherently limited because the immune response to a protein injected into a test animal does not reflect the predicted immune response to the same protein in humans. Therefore, it is important to test proteins for immunogenicity using either human cells or cells with human MHC. A particularly valuable approach is to test proteins for T cell proliferation assays using human blood samples. However, this approach measures the T-cell response to the in vitro test protein, and so far no in vitro immunogenicity method has been proven to generate the production of antibodies as occurs in vivo. Alternative approaches are mice reconstituted with human T and B cells or resident mouse MHC and, in some cases, T cell transgenic mice in which the receptor molecules have been replaced with their human counterparts. However, these approaches do not accurately predict human immunogenicity because they do not account for tolerance, particularly the tolerance of the human immune system to normal human proteins. For example,  human MHC transgenic mice are predicted to have an immune response opposite to the injected human protein. This is because mice are not tolerant to such human proteins. Therefore, improved methods are needed to facilitate in vivo immunogenicity testing of proteins and protein mutants, taking into account the standard tolerance to proteins in this species. 
The present invention provides a novel in vivo system for testing the immunogenicity of, for example,  proteins and protein mutants. As described herein, the mutant antigens are taken from mammalian antigens. The mutant antigen may have additions, deletions, or substitutions or may contain protein or polypeptide sequences derived by chemical means. The antigen is not from a non-human transgenic mammal used in this method. 
In one example of the invention, by injecting a low concentration (e.g.,  equivalent to physiological amounts found in human serum and/or other tissues) of protein, germline human MH C class II (HLA-tg) gene. Tolerance to the human protein is induced in the neonatal mouse. The protein is preferably a monomer and is administered intravenously in an immune-inactive buffer such as saline or phosphate buffered saline (PBS). In such systems, the frequency of administration to induce tolerance varies depending on the protein for which tolerance is induced. For example,  proteins normally present at high serum concentrations should be administered more frequently to induce tolerance than proteins normally found at low physiological concentrations. 
In another example of the invention, human HLA-tg mice are returned to mice expressing the human trans gene for the target protein Induce resistance in the mice by crossbreeding. For example,  human IgG expressing human IgG resistant to human IgG HLA-tg mice that are resistant to  human IgG can be generated. If the class switch does not express human IgG in a manner that allows somatic mutations, translocations or rearrangements, or changes in the variable (V) region in the canonical (C) region, these mice will express human IgG. If not, these mice are resistant to the specific human IgG sequence expressed, but the class switch does not allow somatic mutation, translocation, or rearrangement or alteration of one human V-region body cell in the C-region. If the V region expresses human IgG in a manner that allows somatic mutations, translocations, or rearrangements, or the C region to class switch, these mice will be resistant to the expressed specific human IgG sequence, but not to the cellular mutation, translocation, or rearrangement or alteration of a human V region body in the C region by class switch. IgG in a manner that allows for somatic mutation, translocation, or rearrangement of the V-region, or class-switching of the C-region, these mice are not only resistant to specific human IgGs, but also to human IgGs that have affinity mutations and are specific for all antigens. 
It is understood that the resistant HLA-tg mice from the above examples of the invention can be used in various ways to test the immunogenicity of specific proteins or protein variants, or to rank protein variant sets for immunogenicity. -tg mice from the above examples of the invention can be used in various ways to test the immunogenicity of specific proteins or protein mutants or to rank protein mutant sets for immunogenicity. Mice resistant to specific proteins, including mutants with amino acid changes within the protein and differences in amino acid modifications such as deamidation or glycosylation, differences in regulation, physical differences (e.g., differences in  aggregation), or any other differences that cause immunogenicity Immunogenicity can be tested for protein variants, including variants with In particular, the results of very long-term injections can be determined by administering high concentrations of the target protein to resistant mice. The immunogenicity associated with the route of administration can also be studied, and the protein can be administered to resistant mice and to different positions in the resulting assessed immunogenicity. Analysis of the immunogenicity of tolerant mice can be performed using antibodies (ELISA,. RIPA, FACS and surface plasmon resonance, etc.) for the test protein or protein variant), blood sample testing from mice or other tissue samples (Peyer's patches, spleen, etc.) after injection, T-cell proliferation or activation testing, e.g., -specific peptide Protein-responsive T cell tests by binding of MHC complexes, cytokine production, proliferation, cell surface marker expression, Ca 2+ flux, PCR, or DNA fingerprinting, T or B cell tests by measuring cytokine production, proliferation, cell surface marker expression, Ca2+ flux, PCR, or DNA fingerprinting, by various methods including specific immunoreactive B or T cell appearance tests, or by any other means of testing immunogenicity. Analysis of the immunogenicity of resistant mice with unmodified functional immunoglobulin genes may be performed by injection of a single test protein and measurement of immunogenicity via production of antibodies, e.g., by measuring the formation of antibodies that bind to the  injected test protein, or alternatively by Testing antibodies formed in response to injected mixtures to bind to specific proteins or protein mutants within a mixture of  test proteins and protein mutants, for example,  individual test proteins or protein Injecting a mixture of test proteins and proteins by (e.g., by immunoblotting steps on an array of mutants; or by isolating antibodies or antibody sequences from injected mice and determining the specificity of the binding of these antibodies to individual test proteins or protein mutants). It will be understood that this is done by 
The invention is particularly suitable for immunogenicity testing of various human (or humanized) monoclonal antibodies or fragments thereof. Thereby, HLA-tg mice are resistant to human monoclonal antibody sequences, and such mice have somatic mutations (or other non-germline mutations, translocations, or rearrangements) in the variable region can react to variable region mutations associated with human antibodies. In these cases, mice with deleted or non-expressing endogenous mouse immunoglobulin genes are preferred. Thus, the invention is particularly suitable for comparative immunogenicity testing of panels or libraries of human or humanized monoclonal antibodies to identify those antibodies with no or low levels of immunogenicity. In particular, the ability of the invention to test a mixture of various human (or humanized) monoclonal antibodies or fragments of these antibodies injected into the same mouse and to determine the immunogenicity of individual antibodies in this mixture by, for example,  immunoblotting, makes the large It is particularly well suited for rapid analysis of libraries. For antibodies displayed on particles such as bacteriophages, cells, or other particles, the invention preferably (but not required) includes direct injection of the antibody library onto the displayed particles if the mice are tolerant to the injected particles. 
As an extension of the invention, specific HLA backgrounds, e.g.,  generated against human HLA resistant protein mutants, additional genetic modifications to the protein or protein mutant of interest can be used to generate HLA-t g mice can be used. For example, when  germline human IgG is expressed in a manner that allows for sequential V-region somatic mutations, translocations, or rearrangements, or C-region class switch When expressed in a manner that allows for continuous V-region somatic mutation, translocation, or rearrangement, or C-region class switch, human monoclonal antibodies can be produced following injection of antigen on a human HLA background. Then, for human IgGs that have affinity mutations and are specific for any antigen, the human HLA expressed in these mouse context, the mice are resistant. This reduces the likelihood that human antibodies generated within such human HLA-tg mice will be non-immunogenic to humans. 
HLA-tg mice that are resistant to the protein or protein variant of interest or have been genetically engineered can be selected for developmental uses. The HLA-tg mice can be screened for developmental uses and used for various immunogenicity to test human drugs. For example, in addition to the step of measuring the immunogenicity of  protein mutants, such HLA-tg mice can be used to map immunogenic regions or immunogenic sequences within the protein or protein mutant of interest. In particular, by measuring T-cell proliferation from serum or tissue isolates, etc., directly within the HLA-tg mouse. By injection and subsequent measurement of immunogenicity, the entire peptide sequence of the protein or protein variant of interest can be tested. In this way, such HLA-tg mice are particularly useful for mapping T cell particularly useful for mapping epitopes. Before using the protein or protein mutant as a potential medicine for humans, the epitope can be removed by denaturing such T-cell epitope sequences within the protein or protein mutant. 
As a further extension of the invention, HLA-tg mice that are resistant to the target proteins are used to select from a library of mutant proteins to Direct selection of these proteins with low immunogenicity compared to other members of the library. In such selection, the immunogenic response of the HLA-tg mice to the specific protein or protein mutant is enhanced by the low immunogenicity of the In such selection, the immunogenic response of the HLA-tg mice to the specific protein or protein variant directly leads to selection for the protein or protein variant so that other proteins with low immunogenicity are enhanced or identified. For example, antibodies elicited by a  immunogenic protein or protein variant bind directly to the immunogenic protein or protein variant as the basis for selection against this variant. Several methods can be used to achieve such selection. For example, serum immunoglobulin from HLA-tg mice injected with a library of  mutant proteins globulin, at the protein molecular level (e.g., by  mass spectrometry-based sequencing or fingerprinting), or to identify variants, e.g., peptide sequence tags, or specific protein variants in the library Preabsorption (e.g., by  immunoprecipitation or immunochromatography) of immunogenic protein variants from libraries that leave low immunogenicity or non-immunogenicity that can be identified by nucleic acid sequencing or other molecular code-related particles used Other in vitro methods can be used. Other in vitro methods can be used to identify mutants with low immunogenicity, such as the method where such mutants are captured only on a solid phase where mouse antibodies are not present and do not interfere with specific capture sites on the protein mutant. For example, in the case of the  library of human IgGs, a solid-phase antigen preparation can be used to identify mutants in which mouse immunoglobulins are captured by human antibodies that are not bound to antigen binding sites on the IgGs could be captured. 
As an alternative to in vitro methods of selective selection for low-immunogenic library-derived protein mutants, in vivo selection methods can be used to select for low-immunogenic or non-immunogenic mutants in vivo. In vivo selection can bind to specific mutants from injected compartments in this circulation or in mice, or can be used to select for mutants such as ADCC ( surface IgG or live bacteriophages by antibody-dependent cytotoxins (ADCC) or complement-dependent cytotoxins (CDC), live myeloma cells or by directly killing or incorporating live cells expressing such mutants or particles bound to inactive particles bound to specific mutants by antibody-dependent drinking, by antibodies produced in resistant HLA tg mice by directly killing or incorporating viable cells expressing such mutants or particles. In the basic method, HLA-tg mice are injected with a library of protein mutants (e.g.,  intravenously) and analyzed for protein variants that remain opaque to the host immunoglobulin at the time of selection. For example,  this analysis can be performed by purifying a library member of the protein variant at the time of selection after in vivo selection and identifying the mutant enhanced in the library. Alternatively, if the protein variants are associated with nucleic acids (e.g., in living cells such as  myeloma or bacteriophages), selection can be performed before and after selection to identify bands of fingerprints enhanced by selection, by purifying the enhanced protein variants or This analysis can be done by direct amplification and DNA sequencing of genes associated with DNA fingerprints . Such bands are subsequently provided to identify the enhanced protein mutant. If protein variants are selected on live cells or particles and such cells or particles themselves induce immunogenicity, HLA-tg mice can be made resistant to such cells or particles by, for example,  injection, or further addition to the recombinant background, or other means used to avoid interference of such cells and particles in the protein mutant selection process. resistance. 
An example of this invention is the in vivo selection of antibody variants produced by living cells, whereby a population of living cells, such as human IgGs displaying the antibody V region or bacteriophage A population of viable cells, such as a mouse myeloma (e.g.,  hybridoma) cell library expressing the antibody V region, is injected into a resistant HLA-t g mice. These mice produce antibodies to any immunogenic human IgGs produced by the injected myeloma cells or bacteriophages, and these antibodies bind to the surface These antibodies bind to the IgGs and thus inhibit cell proliferation/infection of the phage, or they can be used to inject these cells or phages with (ADCC, CDC, or Endo ADCC, CDC, or by endocytosis). In this way, resistant HLA-tg mice are selected against myeloma cells or bacteriophages that produce immunogenic antibodies and Cells/phages producing antibodies of low or no immunogenicity are enriched from the injected population. Then, selected for by the use of cell sorting with anti-Ig staining to distinguish antibody-producing cells, for example, by collecting and culturing -enriched myeloma cells, or by circulating infection of the bacteriophage By amplifying phages, such hypoimmunogenic or completely immunogenic cells/phages producing the desired antibody can be regenerated. Alternatively, for non-immortalized mammalian cells such as B cells, standard immortalization and cloning procedures such as EBV transformation or cell fusion or other means of immortalization prior to cloning can be used or PCR or other nucleic acid amplification methods can be used to isolate the V-region gene from selected antibodies. In addition, comparative analysis of B-cell populations before and after selection of resistant HLA-tg mice can be performed using, for example, <start comparative PCR, comparative DNA fingerprinting, or comparative mass spectrometry, such as LC-MS. -MS or other comparative mass spectrometry methods can be used to identify enhanced B cell lines or specific antibody enhancements. 
There are many variants of the methods of the invention for testing the immunogenicity of proteins and protein variants, these include using HLA These are within the scope of the invention to measure the immunogenicity of proteins using HLA-tg mice resistant to specific proteins or protein variants as background, or to select for hypoimmunogenic or non-immunogenic proteins, or to compare and rank various proteins based on their immunogenicity. It will be understood by those skilled in the art that this should be considered to be the case. HLA-tg mice that are resistant to a specific protein are particularly susceptible to the novel, human It will be understood that they are transgenic mice carrying one or more human protein transgenes in addition to the HLA transgene. In particular, preferably human with additional human IgG transgenes encoding as many human heavy and light chain variable region immunoglobulin loci as possible. HLA-tg mice are novel and are particularly useful for in vivo selection of therapeutic antibodies from immunogenicity testing of therapeutic monoclonal antibodies or selection of mutants. It is particularly useful for in vivo selection of therapeutic antibodies from selection of therapeutic monoclonal antibodies or mutants. The invention is also particularly applicable to the generation of proteins to be used as drugs or as in vivo diagnostics for humans, whereby human HLA-t g mice, and to select for low-immunogenic or non-immunogenic proteins using the same HLA background as is present in humans, with similar levels (if any) expected in humans. It will be understood that the selection will be made using the same level of tolerance (if any) expected for humans. Of course, the invention can provide human HLA molecules by genetic recombination or by injection of human antigen-presenting cells or other means, if a nonmouse organism can be used. Also, of course, for purposes other than human medicine (e.g.,  animal medicine), non-human HLA backgrounds can also be used, along with the resistance that occurs to the protein of the species used. Naturally, resistant HLA backgrounds can also be used for non-human pharmaceutical purposes (e.g.,  animal medicine). Naturally, resistant HLA-tg animals can also be used within the scope of the invention, and several methods can be used to create highly immunogenic proteins or proteins for vaccination. Several methods are used to select highly immunogenic proteins or protein variants for vaccination. 
In addition, the concept of "food" broadly encompasses all items that humans consume in their daily lives other than beverages (mainly liquid). For example,  confectionery (snacks, cookies and other baked goods, chocolate, gum, candy, etc.), desserts (pudding, jelly, mousse, yogurt, ice cream, etc.), and other luxury foods such as noodles (soba, udon, ramen, pasta, etc.) Cereal foods (corn flakes, oatmeal, etc.), seasoned foods (retort soups, retort curry, retort stew, etc.), processed agricultural products (jams, etc.), dairy oil foods (spreads, cheeses), health foods (protein, fiber, etc.), and calorie adjusted foods, etc. These include, but are not limited to, the following. In addition, foods for therapeutic or adjunctive purposes are also included. 
The concept of "an amount sufficient to bring the pH of a food product into an acidic range to inhibit the generation of abnormal odors" in the present invention is relatively determined by the amount of citrulline degradation products generated by the storage of citrulline-containing food products. Therefore, it cannot be determined in general and should be set according to the amount of citrulline and the type of acidifier or pH adjuster. For example, the purpose of this invention can be achieved if the amount of citrulline in the  product is such that no unpleasant odor derived from the degradation products of citrulline is detected when the product is ingested. 
The "citrulline-containing food product" in the present invention should contain 0.025 mass% or more citrulline. 0.025 mass% or more citrulline is preferable. This is because if more than 0.25% by mass is added, an unpleasant odor derived from decomposed citrulline may be felt (details are described below in Example 1), and the effect of the present invention can be fully demonstrated. The upper limit is not limited as long as the amount can be taken as a food or beverage without problems. The solubility of citrulline in water in the present invention is 5.7 mass% at 5°C and 2.4.2 mass% at 50°C. Therefore, from the viewpoint of solubility, the above concentration is considered to be the upper limit of the amount of citrulline in beverages. Since the recommended intake of citrulline as a food is 800 mg/day, it is desirable to formulate the beverage in such a way that this amount can be consumed daily. Therefore, it is preferable to formulate the citrulline in a food product so that this amount can be ingested daily. For example, a 10-mL metal can beverage containing 800 mg of citrulline could be prepared. For example, if a 10-mL metal can beverage containing 800 mg of citrulline is prepared, it is sufficient to consume one bottle per day. By the way, when citrulline is blended in large amounts in a beverage, it is expected to cause some bitterness, etc., but by adding flavors, sweeteners, etc., it can be consumed without any taste problems. 
When citrulline is placed under conditions where it is exposed to decomposition" in the manufacturing method of the present invention means a situation where citrulline-containing food products are exposed to heat, UV, etc. For example,  the sterilization process. If the pH of the food product is in the acidic range when it is placed under such conditions, the abnormal odor can be suppressed. 
For example,  the user operates the buttocks switch 312 or the bidet switch 313. The nozzle section 20 (Fig. 3), which is described later, spurts rinsing water to the user's local area. Also, when the user operates the stop switch 311, the nozzle 20 stops discharging the washing water to the user's local area. 
Next, the control unit 90 determines whether a predetermined time (e.g.,  6 seconds) has passed since the user entered the toilet room (step S 5). If the predetermined time has not elapsed, the control unit 90 determines whether the stop switch 311 (Figure 2) is pressed by the user (Step S6). Step S6). 
In the control flow shown in Fig. 11, the toilet bowl nozzle 40 is moved to the toilet bowl washing position when the user's entry is confirmed in step S2. However, the toilet bowl nozzle 40 may be placed in standby at the toilet bowl washing position in advance. In this case, toilet bowl pre-washing can be started quickly so that a sufficient amount of cleaning water can be supplied to the toilet bowl 700. This can more reliably prevent dirt from adhering to the toilet bowl 700. In the case where the 40 toilet bowl nozzles are placed in standby at the toilet bowl washing position in advance, for example, after the user has finished using the toilet device 100 0, the toilet bowl nozzle 40 may be moved to the toilet bowl washing position after a predetermined period of time has elapsed after the user has finished using the toilet device 100. 
In Figure 12, four grooves 41g are illustrated, but the number of grooves 41 The number of grooves 41g is not limited to four. For example,  two or three grooves 41g may be formed, and five or more grooves 41g may be formed. The cross-sectional shape of groove 41g is not limited to the example in Figure 12. For example,  groove 41g may have a rectangular cross-sectional shape. 
In Figure 13, six through holes 41i are illustrated, but the number of through holes 4 The number of through holes 41i is not limited to six. For example, five or fewer through holes 41i may be formed, and seven or more through holes 41i may be formed. 1i may be formed. The cross-sectional shape of through holes 41i is not limited to the example shown in Figure 13. For example,  through-hole 41i may have a rectangular cross-sectional shape. 
Therefore, for example, when  washing the rear side of the toilet bowl, wash water is sprayed from the toilet bowl nozzle 40 in the state shown in Figure 17(a). Thus, for example, during  toilet bowl rear washing, the cleaning water is sprayed from the toilet bowl nozzle 40 in the state shown in Fig. 17(a) to wet the rear side of the inner surface of the toilet bowl 700 (Fig. 1) with cleaning water while preventing the cleaning water from splashing from the toilet bowl nozzle 40 to the front side. This allows the user to wet the rear side of the inner surface of the toilet bowl 700 (Fig. 1) with washing water. This prevents the cleaning water from adhering to the user and prevents dirt from adhering to the toilet bowl 700. 
Thus, for example, during  toilet bowl pre-wash, wash water is sprayed from the toilet bowl nozzle 40 in the state shown in Figure 17(b). Thus, for example, during  toilet bowl pre-wash, a sufficient amount of cleaning water can be supplied to the front side of the inner surface of the toilet bowl 700. As a result, the front side of the inner surface of the toilet bowl 700 is sufficiently wetted by the cleaning water, which can reliably prevent dirt from adhering to the bowl 700. This can be used to prevent dirt from adhering to the toilet bowl 700. 
In addition to the silver ions described above, the ions eluted in the ion elution device 70 may be any metal ion with bactericidal properties, such as  copper or zinc ions. In this case, a copper or zinc electrode is used instead of the silver electrode 75 (Figure 24) described below, which is provided in the ion elution system 70. 
The switching between the phase control of the drive power supplied to the primary side sheath heater 91 and the phase control of the drive power supplied to the secondary side sheath heater 92 does not necessarily have to be done every cycle. The switching between phase control of the drive power supplied to the primary side sheath heater 91 and phase control of the drive power supplied to the secondary side sheath heater 92 does not necessarily have to be done every cycle. For example, it may be performed every  2 or 3 cycles. 
For example, as shown in Fig. 42(a), if the primary side sheath heater 91 is energized with 6 0 cycles, the full-wave AC current is energized twice within the first cycle and the full-wave AC current in the 31st cycle. 
For example, if the  primary side sheath heater 91 is energized with full-wave AC current four times within 60 cycles, then The full-wave AC current energization in the first cycle, 16th cycle, 31st cycle and 46th cycle is performed. The current is energized in the first, sixteenth, thirty-first and forty-sixth cycles. 
